As everyone in Madison knows, there are no doughnut chain stores around.  No Krispy Kreme.  No Dunkin Donuts.  Although I know that the best doughnuts in town are from the Greenbush Bakery, sometimes it's just easier to go with the place down the street.    That basically sums up the People's Bakery.  When you're too lazy to go anywhere else, they are pretty good.
I usually go here because they have some Halal dishes but it's definitely not my "go -to" place for Halal.  I find that I have to be in the mood for it in order to really enjoy it.  However, my husband swears by their chicken and I do really enjoy their kefta with rice.
gotta say that this place failed on the majority. service was slow and rude. the hummus was almost all tahini, no lemon juice, and no seasoning. lentil soup was like chef boyardie chili gone bad.  i dont recommend this place at all. lots of choices in the area.
We ate here last night.  I was disappointed with the almost everything.  The food was just OK.  Nothing was bad but nothing had me excited at all.  The menu was small even for a Mid-eastern restaurant.  Seating was awkward because you are right next to the isles of food in the market.  I would not go back.
Used to be great, now there's a new owner. He smokes inside the store. Menu the same, but the portions are smaller. Sad, I won't go back.
i got the chicken sheesh kabob plate......rice, chicken, and grilled veggies (2 slices of tomato, 2 slices of green pepper, half an onion), lentil soup and bread. 13.00!!! Haji-Babas gives you more for half the price. Plus Haji-Babas gives you some sauce. Come on Yusef! not worth the money
Got a gyro here. I was dissapointed. small portions of meat, and a few pieces of lettuce and tomato, and WAYYYY too much sauce....It was pretty much pita and tsziki half the time..I had high hopes for this place. :(
I feel that the reviews on here are overrated. "Best falafel in town" my *ss!   First, let's talk food. I'm not new to Mediterranean food. However, this was my first attempt at eating falafel. Here it's horrible. Tasteless even with the sauce. Burnt on the edges. I have since had falafel elsewhere convinced it was good because I understand the Greeks and Hebrews eat it like popcorn and I have found places with great falafel, just not here as the other rave reviews would suggest. BUT they have great Adas soup. It was really spicy in a good way and nice and creamy. So I can't explain the falafel failure. Overpriced for what you get. I had to eat off my husband's plate to get full. They do bring OK pita bread out to you.   As far as atmosphere goes, it's lacking a bit. This place is (as somebody wrote) 2/3 market, 1/3 restaurant. They have a sign in the window that says "Allah" and "Mohammed", which I don't think is a good idea. There is definitely NOT outdoor seating as the stats indicate. The tables are the cheap fold-up kind and so are the chairs. The tables are chipped. The waiters serve in a timely manner but don't smile like they would at a chain. They do have a big screen TV that was playing a soccer game but at least the volume was low.   I can't recommend this place for a date or for families. It's just mediocre.
We came here around 7:15p tonih we walked in and read the sign that said to seat yourself and we did. The man behind the to go order counter area clearly saw us walk in... we waited,  and waited. For about ten minutes we waited for something... anything,  we got nothing... completely ignored. We left, I wonder if the people who went in as we were leaving got the same treatment?
I am disappointed to say that the customer is not first nor right at Princess. They have forgotten who keeps them in business, it is paying customers. The buffet last night was horrible...picked over, nothing left and the staff (family) on duty could care less, because THEY ate first!!! When I asked for it to be replenished, their response was, "Kitchen's closed, sorry. " This was at 8:15 pm, the buffet started at 7:30!!! I am sorry to say, I will no longer be making the 20 min drive and giving my business to this once great family owned business. Unfortunately the service has diminished greatly with the passing of the owner. He would be ashamed how his staff (family) treated their guests. This has been the 2nd time in as many weeks. Sad...because I really enjoyed the food. I hope they figure it out quickly, because at this pace, they won't be around to carry on the family business.
I was looking for a middle eastern eatery so I found the other reviews to be helpful, & tried the place out. Yes, the owner is friendly, and the food was good, but here's what they didn't tell me...   This place isn't really a restaurant, its more like a fast food joint with tables. Sorry, I'm an adult- I don't do Styrofoam plates with plastic utensils. For dinner, we were the only people in the place. Wifey had a chicken plate, and I had 3 side dishes, all good, with diet Pepsi. Bill came to THIRTY-FRICKIN'-DOLLARS!!!!!!!!@#$%%#$@!&*^!!! For that kind of dough, I would have much preferred to go somewhere else.I'm not a cheap bastard, but I do expect to get what I pay for, like ceramic plates and metal silverware. I am still in search of a decent middle eastern RESTAURANT!
This place was so weird!  I had heard good things from friends (and other Yelpers) but I was so disappointed!  My fella and I went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and were the only customers there (!?).  We were shown to a table by a unfriendly gentleman who did not smile or greet us in any way.   He returned to take our order, gave us a cold glare to tell us that he disapproved of our choices, and then wandered off to the kitchen.  We could hear him yelling at the cook to "make sure to make my vegetarian lasagna WITHOUT meat in it"... yeah, thanks, I would appreciate that.  Eventually he brought us our food, scowled, and left us alone for the rest of our meal.  What was up with this old man?  Who ran over his puppy?  Also, someone was fiddling with the music in the place, eventually deciding we should all listen to hip-hop.  :|  The food was tasty, but the experience ruined it.  I won't be coming back anytime soon.
This place sucks.  Now I understand that's not the most helpful assessment, so I'll elaborate to save you from ending up at this crap hole should you think, "Oh Erica, you must have just been cranky that day!" Not so.  It all started when I had a craving for hummus earlier this week. I work too far from just about every hummus slinging place in Tempe but Byblos. So I decided to try something new, and was left with a sour taste in my mouth.  First off, the place is located in a shitty plaza of decaying shops (home to the Yucca Tap Lounge if that's any indication) and it's right next door to a Mexican food restaurant that I've never seen anyone enter or leave, so it looks like a front for some shady 'business' dealings. But my craving would not be deterred by a craptastic plaza, after all, Capistrano's is in the same plaza and it's delicious. Looks aren't everything. Hummus would be had.  We enter. It's empty and dumpy looking. The only people here have a mean age of 70. We significantly bring this average down. Waaaay down. We are escorted to a table and peruse the menu. The server (I assume it's the unfriendly server you had, Kelly B., because he looked like he had a stick up his ass that had been festering there for the past 60 years) took our drink orders and came back with two itsy bitsy little cups. Seriously? You're going to charge me 2.50 for six ounces of lemonade? We order. He frowns for the umpteenth time in our short interaction and waddles off to the kitchen. The food arrives.  The hummus was straight up GROSS, and the pita bread was shockingly similar to cardboard. The hummus tasted sour with a texture that was a combination between chalk and paste. If I can corner a five year old, I'm going to conduct a taste test between the two substances and see if there's any discernable difference. My money's on no. The presentation was nice, with pickles, tomatoes, olive oil and parsley, but if I wrap a piece of dried up dog shit in ribbons and bows, your gift would still be a piece of dried up dog shit. Maybe you could use it as a paper weight?   The tomato soup that came along with lunch was pretty decent,and the gyro meat was well spiced. But the fact that my gyro was wrapped in the aforementioned cardboard pita bread was really unappetizing. It's like they took rock hard, stale pita bread, heated it in the microwave to make it pliable, molded it and let it cool in its rigid formation.   So if you're 70 and your senses are slowly numbing, you might like this place. Other than that, stay away. It's unwelcoming and unappetizing. The antithesis of what a restaurant should be. Let it slowly decay along with the rest of the shops lining this creepy little plaza at the corner of Mill and Southern.
Unfortunately still in pissy mood at going 0 for 3 in last new restaurant attempts.  Once again, a brief review filled with disappointment and regret.    Started with the Spanakopita, which was labelled as a Spinach Cheese Pie for $3.95.  It was cold.  What should have been flaky heavenly goodness in the form of phyllo dough was just greasy congealed torture, which was quite impressive with how this was so damn cold.  Maybe they should've left this in the microwave longer.  Blah.  Entree that was recommended as their house specialty was their oven roasted lamb for $11.95.  It was halfway edible as the rice was sorta interesting with pine nuts for a nice crunch, but was a little dry.  And then the lamb.  It probably wouldn't be fair to say it was dry, it would be more fair to say it was Arizonan desert sand masquerading as meat.    Damnit, so disappointed again I can't even think of a witty way to end this review.  God bless the edit button, I'll have to come back with something.
The owner was nice but very pushy on me ordering the specials. They didn't have what I wanted (grilled chicken burger) so I went with a falafel which seemed to upset him. My order came with soup, I chose lentil. That was very good. The falafel however was just not good at all. My tastebuds just could not agree with the sauce or ingredients.
Byblos is a run-of-the-mill Mediterranean restaurant in desperate need of a facelift!  With a hit-and-miss menu and tall asking prices, it's obvious that Byblos still has much to learn after nearly 28 years in business!    The restaurant itself is well dated and the atmosphere inside generally feels like a retirement home lobby with booths for seating...booths that are very worn and borderline uncomfortable.  While the decor could use a serious smack with the pretty stick, the smaller size of the restaurant does make it fairly cozy for family dinners and small gatherings.    The older lady and gentleman that run the place are pleasant and good natured, but can be difficult to understand.  Obviously, this has caused several of the negative reviews, but their heavy accents do add something to the experience beyond just the obvious confusion.  One thing worth noting is that they are their own waitstaff and they clearly don't move as quickly as they used to, so service can be a bit slow if there are more than 3 or 4 tables to tend to.    On the plus side, it's easy to get prime seating on both Friday and Saturday night, because it's rarely a full house!  It's also one of the few places left in the area where you can enjoy free, live Belly Dancing during dinner on the weekends, so I give them props for supporting local talent!  Regarding the food, I will say that the lamb dishes are tasty, the complimentary mint tea is exceptionally relaxing and the soups have a genuine down-home taste to them.  However, most of the main entree items are no more than food truck quality pitas and state fair combo plates sold at a premium price.  The quality of the main ingredients just isn't there and a quick trip to the frozen food aisle at Costco would net you most of the supplies needed to start your very own "Byblos" franchise at home!  The desserts are tasty, but few are traditional and none of them, except maybe the baklava, appear to be made by the restaurant.  Also, the bar is limited and the wine selection is nothing short of dreary, though that doesn't stop them from asking fine dining prices on grocery store brands of alcohol.  While there's no real "value" in the Byblos experience, it's certainly a solid choice when you're just too tired on a Friday evening to drive somewhere else or the inlaws you hate happen to be in town and you absolutely "must" take them out!
I rated this low because of the bad service, the food is good, I would recommend take-out instead of dinning in.  The service is bad because they keep saying they will be with you in a minute and it can keep getting repeated for 10 minutes or longer.  The service is the worst I have seen even with other smaller restaurants like this one, and I'm not one of these people that just complain about everything.
This was the first Mediterranean place I had in AZ. I didn't feel like making dinner that night and was craving falafel, so I looked on Yelp and found the 4 star review, one of the highest and closest to me. The pictures looked authentic and delicious. I should've stayed home and saved my money. It's a hole in the wall, which I ordinarily like and can be a good indication of authenticity. The 1 star is for an attempt at a restaurant. The atmosphere and service wasn't bad. The falafel though -- worst I've ever had. It's dried out and flavorless. I judge a Mediterranean place on how good their falafel is, and this was terrible. I hardly wanted to finish it but did because I was hungry. The server -- I think he was the owner -- recommended a red wine, and I sprang for it. It was almost skunked, so he clearly pushed it on me to get rid of it. Gross.
This rating is for service. Was greeted promptly and quickly shown to a table where we waited & waited & waited. No water. No service. Left an went somewhere else.
I called to inquire about their menu and was meet with some resistance. the person who answered the phone would only tell me to come in and see the decor and and menu. i thought it was a joke and asked again but to no avail didn't get anywhere. this place put a bad taste in my mouth...ssh.
i cant bash this place since i am persian, but it really needs some help. they need to be on kitchen nightmares with gordan ramsey haha. i liked the food, it wasnt how my dad and his friends make but its still pretty decent
OVERALL UNSATISFACTORY EXPERIENCE. On monday July 27th we were a party of four that made the mistake of choosing Habib's to have a late lunch. The restaurant was not busy and to get to it we had to pass through a "strange" market stocking foodstuffs, housewares, giftware, collectibles etc. The store's dangerously overstocked shelves and crowded ailes were most probably non compliant with city safety codes.  We ordered the following items:  Ghaimeh Stew :   was stale and watery. Ghormeh Sabzi:  was stale and watery. Lamb shank with rice: tough shank meat & low quality rice. Chelo Kabob Barg: tough meat and low quality rice. Chelo Kabob Koobideh: overcooked meat and low quality rice. Shirazi Salad : VERY GOOD. Doogh :  EXCELLENT. Service: O.K. THE BILL:  We were shocked at how high our check total was which included an 18% tip already added.
i am not persian but embarressed to see the wine called royal kirre..  shouldnt be there royal kir??come on...be nice..  filemignone was not very bad but nothing compare to atlantas rumis..
The food is decent enough but the service is quite bad. The owner is obviously an unhappy person that doesn't treat his employees well no matter who is around. We had a flyer that offered a free bottle of wine with two entrees. When we enquired about it the owner said we had to spend $50 each person in order to get it, amazing.
This was the worst Persian food I have ever had. The service was even worse than the food. I will never go there again, I have been in many persian restaurants in LA and the Bay Area, this one stands at the bottom of the list. I recommend anything else but Habib.
Avoid it. Owner is crazy and does not treat customers with respect.
I had heard some things about the owner (Habib) saying that he was a rude person etc etc. During the time I lived in Las Vegas I dined there 2 or 3 times and didn't experience anything too bad BUT during my last visit during a trip to Las Vegas I had an experience with the owner that makes me doubt that I will ever be going back again. I had always heard that the owner was rude and finally saw it with my own eyes.  Habib was taking our order. My mother asked if the fish was fresh and Habib said yes. My father asked again in the most polite words and soft spoken, friendly, respectful tone of voice if the fish was fresh or fresh frozen (my dad eats a lot of fish!)? Habib SNAPPED back in a rude, confrontational and aggressive tone of voice and said "I already answered you once! I do not need your business!" I was frankly shocked. This was after my father had earlier paid him a compliment on his restaurant when we first got there. Frankly it ruined our mood, our meal and whole evening. My mother at this point preferred to leave but we were already there, settled in, tired from travel and we stayed and ate our food.  The persian food here is reasonably good. Nothing spectacular but not disappointing. The prices are high for what is offered though. There are other places in town with better persian food (see reviews for Royal Persis and form your own opinion) but the physical location etc is not quite as nice, although my limited interactions with the owner there have been pretty pleasant. The inside of Habib's is more upscale, say, if you wanted to bring a guest from out of town, but frankly with an owner that can pop off at any moment does it really matter? He can ruin any physical attributes the restaurant has with a few words.  The other wait staff were pretty friendly. I think they may know that the owner acts the way he does and may try to make up for it (or are just trying to avoid pissing him off themselves).
NO STAR!   Went to Habib's with my elder parents/family, Habib the owner also server snapped impatiently right when we walked-in to get seated.  He seemed to be having a bad day and took it out on my parents and I.  He took my moms order and when my mom mentioned she does not want her food overly cooked he was impatient and rude.  My dad wanted to get seated over by the window and he was denied.  When he asked for an explanation, Habib said to him I'm diabetic and can not carry the food from the kitchen to the widow seat near the entry where my dad preferred to get seated.    Habib said to my dad I'm the owner also management here and I won't allow you to sit there if you don't like it then leave.  By then Habib had taken five of our orders, when it was my turn to order, I was the only one at the table who's order was not taken by Habib, taken-back by Habib's rude behavior I set down the menu and didn't want to order food, therefore, he asked me to leave on front of my family and raced to my seat as well as personal space as if he's going to hit me.  I got up, words were exchanged and he ran to the front grabbing a phone and threatening to call the police.  We were certainly not treated with any respect.  I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT TO ANYONE.  Habib is a rude jerk and don't know what else to say. That was 30 minutes into our arrival to Las Vegas and starting our family vacation.
The owner was absolutely rude. I came with 3 friends, he was acting as if we own him for coming there. Food was ok, not the best persian food i tried but not the worse. Too bad the owner does ruin his business with his attitude because i would of came back if it wasnt for horrible service i received. Too bad he lost 4 customers because none of us will support this business
This place is sucks!!!! The service is really bad!!! don't recommend at all. you have to wait at least 20 minutes to get your order!Quality of beef kabob is really bad is like gum when you chew it. The waiters are so impolite and really rude! you waste your money I guarantee you . imagine for getting your bill you have to go and find somebody to come and bring your bill. Managing is sucks. DON'T recommend at all......!!!
This is the worst Persian meal I have had in 40 years. The rice (polloh) was cold, as was the khouideh.  Weak excuse for barbari (bread); our party ended up buying  institutiional packages of sangak and lavash (breads) at an attached food store.The service was terrible, and the owner (Habib) was generally rude to our party of nine.  I imagine part of the problem is just Las Vegas, but we had a reservation for 3 months and deserved much better for the high prices. I would not recommend to anyone.
I took a party of 6 friends and co-workers there last week when attending a tradeshow in Vegas ... I will never do that again!  Biggest issue:  The bill came and I noticed just about 30% added to the bill as "tax" ... yes, 30%!  When I asked the server about it, he said that that includes 18% as service fee and 8.1% as tax ... and that that is explained in the menu.  I have several issues with this:  1. Shame on me for not reading the menu and the fine print ... my mistake, but if you are reading this review, you don't have to make this mistake.  2. Why am I forced to leave an 18% tip?  The tip is not at my discretion.  If the server is not helpful, I can't express myself in any way.    3. Why is listed as "tax"?  I bet you most people do not even see it and add tip on top of it automatically!!!  That is stealing!  4. Now, it gets worse:  I asked the server that if there is an 18% service fee plus an 8.1% tax, that adds up to 26.1%.  So, why is there an almost 30% charge?  They add 8.1% to the bill and then they add 18% tip on top of it.  So, the effective percentage for tip is higher than 18%.  Food:  It was no special in any way.  I am very familiar with Persian food.  I have had it in many cities and many countries.  I look for Persian restaurants everywhere I go.  This restaurant is not bad but it is not good either.  The food in NO WAY justifies the prices they charge!  I had chicken with bones, and it was not cooked well.  For appetizer, we had tadig which the crispy rice that is cooked in the bottom of the pan, and we had it with two kinds of stew.  Tadig was good but not enough for 6 people.  Stews were OK, but again not special.  Service:  It was OK.  The server was not really pleasant: smiling or welcoming.  He was not rude or anything, but I felt like we were bothering him being there.  And the place was not busy.  The service in NO WAY justified more than 18% in tip.  But think about it the guy didn't care because he knew he will get his tip any way.    I will not recommend this place:  not for food, not for service and not for being overcharged!
Habibbbbbb is the rudest, meanest, uglyist, guy I have ever seen as a owner of restaurant. He treats his persian customer so badly, like he is living in Iran or Afghanestan.  He thinks persian people here don't have any right in his restaurant.  last time we were a party of 10 . waiting 2 hours , not that it was crowded , but because he just had one waiter.  the worker are terrified of him.  The food has very low quality, small portion , uncooked, but the price was so high. He charged 35% gratitude which comes with the bill and we had no choice , but to pay.  Bad experience , never go back and don't suggested to anyone. don't let the environment follish you.
First if there is a way to give zero stars, I would give it.   I took my friends with his kids and my family there for lunch while visiting the city for a trade show. Shame on me for not reading the reviews!  Waiter: The waiter, like others reported on their reviews, was the owner. He was rude, impatient and not interested in providing a traditional service. My son is only tow years old, and ordering a whole meal would have been a waste. So, I politely asked if I could have an extra plate. Waiter was fast to add that he charges $5 for sharing a plate. The first time I heard of such foolish charge.  Our table was in an area where the waiter couldn't reach three of my guests, and we told him that we can pass things down to him. He got upset and made a snappy remark.   Food:  The food was about average.  Most of us ordered the same dish, and we all had meat that were not cooked all the way. We mentioned it to him at the end of our meal just to bring it to his attention.   All and all the experience was horrible, and I do t recommend this to anyone.
Disgusting food dirty food nasty people habib the owner is very cheap and charge extra for the food don't come here you get treated like crap wait 2 hours for nothing and get overcharged DO NOT COME HERE FAKE PERSIAN CUSINE THIS PLACE IS AN EMBARESSMENT
It was 4:00 pm when we got there. It is a very nice place . But Nobody was in the front desk like 5 minutes. A young boy who doesn't know anything about being a waiter showed up. Led us to a table . then we waited like 15 min to be taken an order.  Finally , after 35 min we received our lunch while it was not fresh.we asked for the owner after 10 min he showed up. The owner couldn't stand to even listen our opinion. Any way , i don't recommend expecting good service over there.
Person in front of us complained about their wrong order, then 10 min later i was helped. Employee was flustered and rude. He answered the phone in the middle of tsking sn order and instead of puting them on hold talked to them for literally 10 min, which is a long time. Then he stopped to tell the lady cook how to do orders, seriously?! Then he took my order, everyone else waiting for their food had problems with their order and how long it took. I waited 45 MINUTES FOR MY FOOD AT A COUNTER ORDERED JOINT!!! They forgot my baklava, and i ordered seasoned fries, i got none, then asked about it and mentioned how long it took and he honestly said these words exactly, "I can just give you your money back and you can go to a fast food place." Are you kidding me! I had to be somewhere for work and if I am a very kind, patient person, because I work in the F&B industry but never in my life have I ever had this worse of service. I wish I could give them 0 stars. I was floored!
Ok, let me tell you about this place. FYI: I am a real customer, not a family member. So be warned, this is a real review.  The only thing truly Persian here is the attitude.  I wish this was a friendlier place. The food is ok. Not bad, not great. Has a clean Plebeian atmosphere.  The food is overpriced and they wont give you half rice and half salad with your meal, a standard in Los Angeles. No, you must eat 3 pounds of rice with your meal.  They are also super slow. If there is a line, you will wait!  The Kabob is a little undercooked. No caramelized meat here.  The staff does not know a lick of Farsi. So dont ask for ghormeh sabzi.  They dont have  most home made Persian dishes.   Why cant they open up an authentic Persian restaurant here?  One more thing, they give you a pat of butter for your rice with the to-go dinner. However, they put it in the same box so if you have to go more then 100 feet before you eat, its melted all over your food. And the close very early.
Very disappointing. Ordered delivery and Kabob was overcooked, appetizers were bland, pita was cheap, store bought kind.
This was my first choice to satisfy my sudden gyro craving. We park and immediately smell the deliciousness of Kabob Grill in the air. The restaurant was busy, which is usually an excellent sign. The inside is bright and clean, with the employees in uniform.   We mosey to the counter, totally ready to order my gyro combo and had my check-in coupon ready. Yay, gyro craving is about to be satisfied!  And then my hopes and dreams were unceremoniously squished: "I'm so sorry, but we're out of gyro meat." Whaaaaat? This was hours before closing time. How do they not have enough gyro meat ro get through a day?!  Ill go back and see if I can get a gyro some other day (could have just been a superbusy day in the gyro business!), but I admit my excitement has soured a bit.
I do not recommend. This place is expensive for what it is. They were unaware they even have this Yelp promotion. They hesitantly gave me 10% off one of my entrees but not my entire order. A group of 3 people(that looked like they knew the worker) arrived and placed their order after me, but got their order before me. Just bad customer service.
Yelp. No.   I've noticed that yelp reviews in vegas from off the strip can't be trusted. I cannot believe this place has 4 stars. I came in for lunch and ordered from the lunch menu. I was either jipped or the picture on the menu lies to you. I only received one small kabob for my order that cost me $9. Rip off much? My favorite part of the meal was probably the rice..... Sad, I know.   Not to mention it took me 20 minutes to get my food when I was the only customer there. Isn't this kind-of a fast food joint anyways?
I made the mistake of sitting in the lower level -- affectionately called "King Tut's" on their website.  It's made out to be an intimate place to eat, but really it's a llot like eating in your mom's musty basement.  I kept expecting some creepy crawly thing to scutter out from somewhere.  The whole place just felt damp and icky..  The food was just there.... nothing really too exciting -- and I like Mediterranean food!  I'd much rather go to Kabul over on State or any number of places before heading here again.
Went to Casbah on a recent Saturday night- we were seated upstairs which is a very pretty, well-lit casual space.  My friend and I ordered the vegetarian platter for two- but they were out of tabouli and substituted (something).  The hummus and baba ghanouj were very good, pitas were plentiful, the falafel-pucks were interesting, but overall the quality of the food was mediocre.  Not awful, but not memorable.  Service, though- was memorable and not in a good way.  I get that the building is multi-storied, and maybe that's why it takes so long to get your drinks or more pita, or your check.    I won't say we'll never be back, I'm just not in a hurry.
My husband and I went here for a "nice" dinner.  We were very disappointed.  The food was BLAND, the service terrible.  I'd say don't bother.
As a huge fan of Mediterranean food, I am disappointed that I will not be going back to the Casbah. This is even more disappointing since this is the only Mediterranean restaurant in a reasonable walking distance from my office for lunch.   I have given the Casbah three opportunities to make me a devoted fan. Every time I have placed a to-go order, it has either been the wrong order or on two occasions the chicken was raw.
The food was really good. The dishes were kind of dirty. And our service just sucked.  Why would you give two people three small pieces of bread to eat a bowl full of hummus? I'd only go back if it was for take out.
The food was excellent.  If you can overlook the apathetic hostess/waitress, who was totally put out that we failed to make a reservation, even though the entire eating area was empty, and her horrid customer service, by all means - go, check it out.  We each ordered a glass of wine, which was finally delivered to the table 15 minutes after our food arrived at the table.  Nothing like sitting with water and three rounds of pita for 45 minutes.  We asked 3 different people for the wine, including the waitress.  Loved the food, there's nothing like it where we live and we were excited to check this restaurant out after seeing it on yelp.  You're only allotted 3 small  pita rounds at any given time - God forbid you ask for more, they acted like there was a pita famine in Madison.  The waitress never checked on us, never asked if the food was good, never asked if we were done and if we wanted a box.  We finally had to flag someone else down and ask for the check.  When she brought the check, she slammed it down on the table and stormed off.  There appeared to be several regulars here, eating out on date night - she seemed at least mildly interested in them.  We own a business, and I would never for a minute consider treating people that way the staff at this establishment did.  It was appalling.
Even the best food can't make up for poor service. And the food at Shish Cafe wasn't good enough to even come close to making up for it. We waited and waited, then were rushed through ordering, weren't checked on, and had to flag our server down like a taxi during rush hour to get the check.    I had the chicken kabob. The chicken was juicy with good seasoning. The hummus was bland (to me) and my whole dish looked like it had been slopped on the plate. My husband liked his lamb stew, but wasn't anything to write home about.   All in all, for the price ($40 for two, no apps, no drinks), I won't eat here again. I'm surprised that this has 4.5 stars, especially in Madison, where decent restaurants are pretty easy to come by. Disappointed about it, was hoping this would be the place to come for great Mediterranean food.
Yuk-O. I work just down the street and read the reviews so thought it would be great. Wrong! They gyro was ok, but the salad that came with it was nasty, wilted lettuce with a brown slice of tomato and a blob of dressing. Their prices are too expensive for lunch and to top it off the girl working take out was totally snotty and rude when I asked some questions about the menu. This one is a pass for me.
Yuck. The chicken tasted more like the grill than the meat itself.  The "salad" was shredded lettuce with dressing, no veggies.  The location is great, so I'm a little disappointed the food wasn't better.
I've picked up a gyro from here before and couldn't really remember if I had liked it, so I stopped to grab something quick on my way back to work. I've read some reviews that say their falafel is good, which I can't speak to. I can say that the gyro, the side greek salad that came with it and the baklawa were overpriced and disgusting. The shredded iceberg that topped the gyro and comprised most of the salad was browing and reminded me of what subway would have thrown out .The baklawa was soggy. This might explain why they were completely empty and able to serve me quickly right around noon on a week day. I'd say the Schlotsky's two doors down would be a better and cheaper options. If I really want a gyro, I'll go the mall food court and get a cheaper gyro that actually tastes good from Pita Jungle.
If anyone says this place is decent or good obviously has not had good pita sandwiches. The prices were ridiculous regardless of location, skimpy portions and seriously lacks in flavor. Had the Gyro and Falafel. Will never return.
OMG!  Can someone show these people how to make stuffed grape leaves?  If I wanted the leaves with a couple pieces of rice in them I'd make them myself. Small, small appetizers for $8 each.  Not worth the money cause you can get a better deal somewhere else. Oh, it's Scottsdale you say?  Well, whoop-tie doo, but I still don't get off getting ripped off with small portions with normal prices. And we sat outside on a very chilly day.  I mean, this place is truly hole in the wall charging Ocean Club prices.  Get real, folks. The hummus was good, the sandwiches--sans much chicken--was okay, the tabbouleh tasted good for the little bit we got. Yeah, another Scottsdale place that charges high prices while giving you little in return. If this is your thing, then go for it.  It just isn't mine.
Horrible service!!! I was visiting from LA and we hav tons of hookah places. Since the moment we sat down they gave us a huge attitude. After seating us it took them over 10minutes to even akcnowledge us. They had only 4 other tables so not busy at all and the waiter visited them several times before he even responded to me flaging him down. I asked him for any hoolah he would like to bring us. 10min later the hookah arrived but we had to wait another 5 mins to get charcol. They put this tiny charcols which went out in a few minutes. I actuallt had to get up and go to ask for more. Then i asked the waiter is he can give me a menu to order some food and something to drink. He said ohh the kitchen is closed. I said well can I atleast get a drink? He said sure and got me a beer.  The interesting part was that they continued serving the other tablea with food atleast 30minutes after i asked him.  Service is the key in these kind of business. I guess that is acceptable in Arizona but this place would not survive one day in LA.  Poor management...
Gross. New owners. New salad. New garlic dip (now made with mayonnaise). Sub par now.
2 stars go to food. Great food! Girl at front, not so great. No greeting as I came in. She kept her sunglasses on. I proceeded over with caution as I began to consider that she actually could be dead...that is until she reached over to her bag of pistachios and proceeded to crack one open and eat it in front of me. After a sigh of relief, I decided to initiate interaction to get the ball rolling. Told her it was my first time there and didn't know what to get. She responded with, "gyros great" as she continued to munch on her nuts. I decided on the chicken kabob...The restaurant itself, eh, a little uncleanly. Cute little place if they made an effort to wipe the grease from the ceiling and pay attention to people that want to give them money for food. May or may not be back...depends on if girl at front is still busy eating
I was casing this place to see if it could measure up and be included in the lunch rotation.  Instead, it became an anecdote.  Or maybe I didn't measure up, and was being encouraged not to include Pita House in my lunch rotation.  About halfway through my visit, I knew this was a one-time visit.  All the signs were piling up.  I entered the take out section and was led to the dining area.  Obviously a first timer, the waitress seemed bemused by my newness and uncompelled to offer any assistance.  Maybe she knew I wasn't returning before I did.  I felt like I was being marked for sides, drinks, and up sales rather than being welcomed.  By the time the food came, I had already decided not to return unless it was the best lunch ever and the meal was between okay and good, but closer to good.  There are so few places where rudeness is part of the charm of the place.  It is just so hard to pull off.  I had the chicken shawarma.  The chicken cubes were juicy, and the tahini sauce was good, but lacking.  On the plus side, there doesn't seem to be a shortage of restaurants in downtown Scottsdale.  Next!!
heres a tip directly from Gordon Ramsey himself.... if theres pictures of the food on the menu...RUN!!! and thats what we should have done...beware people! the food is hands down terrible...the lettuce was wilted, the tomato's tasted like they were just about to sour if not already...my Gyro tasted like hamburger meat, my wires chicken had no taste at all...under seasoned and over cooked... the Humus had way too much garlic, and tasted watered down...and there were sliced pickles in it!!! expensive as well...$30 for a Gyro and a chicken kabob with a side of humus.... if you see this place, stay away...the hooka draws you in and the catchy name...but the food just docent live up to it....(bring a sick bag)
I was intrigued by the great reviews of Pita House. A good middle eastern restaurant is difficult to find.   Unfortunately, Pita House falls short. Falafel was not very good. Tastes bland and a bit stale as if it was sitting around for awhile. The pita bread was not fresh at all, way too chewy.  The service was actually really good.. Maybe I caught them on a bad day, because the place looked authentic and the reviews seemed favorable.  I was very disappointed.  By the way, my standard for falafel is Mamoun's Falafel in Manhattan, NY with 1000+ reviews. That's how falafel is done...
For all you alliterates out there. I've experienced quite a line of lackluster lunchroom locations as of late, and I'd like to learn what little leprechaun is leaning their bad luck my way.  With that out of my system. I've got to say this place has got the market cornered on mediocre. A quick visit to their official website shows a claim of "Voted #1 Mediterranean/Middle Eastern ..." I assure you, they did NOT get my vote.  As far as the service was concerned; we were one of two tables seated about 6 - 7pm on a Wednesday, the waitress visited us 1) to take our order, 2) deliver our drinks, 3) drop off / pickup our check. Someone from the kitchen delivered our food. Our waitress didn't seem rude during the few times she did swing by, but also wasn't excited for us to be there.  We started with an order of hummus, which turned out to be neither here nor there, then ordered a Gyro Plate and Kafta (Kubideh). The gyro meat seemed pre-packaged and the kafta (grilled ground beef) seemed underspiced and bland. We did; however, order a tasty chicken skewer side, which was good.   Nothing about this meal was really fantastic and I definitely not worth coming back. I'm guessing they do most of their business during late night after people have had too much to drink to realize they're eating a sub par meal.  Be sure to let me know where your favorite Gyro is, 'cause I'm still looking!
Just bought by a new owner that has cut the portions by half but kept the prices the same. Order the small hummus and find out how small a serving of hummus can be. I would estimate that the schwarma has about 2 ounces of meat. I felt completely taken advantage of. I've never complained about portions before but I told our waitress that the portions were a total rip off. She was very nice and added some more hummus but even counting that, i think it was still very little for $6 hummus appetizer.  Ignore the good reviews, those were before the new cheapskate owner. Its obvious they are targeting tourists with high prices and low portion to get every penny out of them since they likely wont return anyway.  The new owner is obviously not just cheaping on the food, one poor girl worked the takeout section, the bar, and the restaurant. As far as I can tell she was the only one working on a Sunday at 1pm.  However, she was very nice and did the best she could. She was the only reason they got 1 star.
I found a DEAD fly in my salad coated in dressing. The server didn't charge me at least but oh my goodness. I will Not be returning
Horrible dark dirty place, bad service, totally in-authentic food. Anyone who thinks this is good Med food was born, raised and lived in Apache Junction their entire  life
Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Mike C. & Jackie C.  I had a regular Gyro, which comes with a Greek Salad.  It was good, and the service was ok.  There were some negatives, though:  *  They opened 15 minutes late, & even that was with having go to ask the snarky gal working in the take-out room when they were going to open the dining room.     :-(  *  The restaurant itself has a bar & the whole room was kind of dark, boozy smelling & run down...  wobbly tables, etc.  Not my style.     :-|  We were the only customers during our lunch visit.  Classic Gyro & Side Salad:  $7.99
Went to grab a quick bite yesterday with a colleague and we decided to go to Pita House.  Big Mistake.  We called in our order and the gal on the phone seemed like it we were putting her out.  I guess the computer in the non restaurant section (where we'd be picking up our food) was down.  We weren't told how long it would be or how much our order was going to cost.  I ordered the gyro pita with the house salad.   We head over, pay and get out order (the gal seemed irritated to have to walk over to the other side to run the card), and head back to work.  I dive into my lunch and something is off.  The salad was warm, like wilted warm.  Who wants to eat warm floppy lettuce?  Anyone...Anyone...Bueller?      My gyro was drowning in tzatziki.  I ended up throwing most of my lunch away -  there was no salvaging any of it.  Not sure if there's new owners or management...but the quality and customer service has definitely gone downhill.    If I return, it wont be for a while.
DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT.  The owner is not honorable.  The owner advertises with restaurant.com.  However, upon presentation of the voucher, he refuses to honor.  Before going to restaurant, we confirmed the vouchers validity over the phone.  A better choice is Pita Jungle or Persian Room.
I confirmed with restaurant.com that the voucher was valid and that the owner acted in an inappropriate manner.  AVOID PITA HOUSE.
Just glancing at the other poor reviews on here, I'm willing to bet the young lady with the lousy attitude is the very same one we were unlucky enough to have serve us tonight. I don't think I've seen someone who was worse at hiding their contempt for service in a while. After serving only half the table their food and disappearing, trpuble calculating the bill, and multiple other mistakes, it truly seemed like we were really annoying her having to inquire about her errors. Passive aggressive, forgetful, apathetic and complacent, this otherwise fantastic Pita joint, really needs to do some staff-housecleaning.
So unsatisfied the meat was so under cooked and the service was not good, my food was cold and the hummus dry.  It's never good when you leave a restaurant still hungry.  The rice was not fresh &  I was  so thirsty because my waitress forgot about me.  Overall 2 thumbs down
I walked in to order carry out and interrupted a waitress smoking her hookah.  She didn't even get up right away to help me, guess she needed a few more hits.  Service is so rude especially for this upper class area.  This place is a hole in the wall.  I had to wait for my food in the same area Miss Congeniality was sucking her hookah with her boyfriend.  The food was just ok, doesn't warrant another visit.
Great atmosphere and food but super slow service, pricey drinks, and sometimes you never receive your hookah. Idk if the new ownership knows how to run a smooth service. I miss the old staff and prompt happy service.  The good things... belly dancers are entertaining; when you do receive a hookah, it's great, the food is very good and fast once you get to order.  It's too bad they can't get the service to be a little better! Could be an amazing spot!
Absolute worst service I have ever experienced. They even tell you they don't serve tap water so that they can charge for bottled water. They are rude and inattentive. I  would never come back. Wish i could give less than 1 star.
I've loved this place for many years. Best hummus ever in my opinion. I love the pickles and olive oil on top. I also loved the chicken Schwarma until everything changed. New owners, staff and new food. The portion size of the hummus became ridiculously tiny but the price remained the same. When my co workers and I would pick up food to go, we could split the hummus. Now, they basically smear a very thin layer on the plate or to go box that is no bigger than a 1/4 inch in thickness. Am I the only one who has noticed this? Now, one hummus barely feeds one person so it's impossible to share. I'm sad and I'll miss the hummus but based on principle I won't go back there. The portion size is a joke. Plus, last time I ordered chicken with it, it was so tough my teeth couldn't cut thru it, ew
This used to be pretty good, now, not so much. The place smelled like cigarette smoke and spice. Not good. The windows were covered in handprints, the sidewalk stained with spills. The blonde waitress kept scratching her head, then went and put our stuff in a to go bag, yuck. I saw the guy preparing the food. He just reached in and grabbed some lettuce bare handed and stuck it in a to go box. That was kind of disgusting too. Real turn offs, I took the food but was too grossed out to eat it, so I just tossed it. No way I would return.
Painfully slow service.  When we arrived, there were only 2 other parties - both of whom were inside smoking.  So, we elected to go outside.  It took forever for our waitress to take our order but after she finally did, a few other parties trickled in.  We were there with our kids and intentionally sat away from anyone smoking but, within a short time, others came outside and started smoking so we were surrounded.    We waited and waited for our food and watched while others who came in after us got their food.  At one point, the waitress apologised saying they had a huge party.  Not sure when the huge party got there but, they weren't there when we walked in.    Finally got our appetizer - chicken with garlic and mushrooms.  Canned mushrooms.  Gross.  The chicken and sauce were good but seriously?  Canned mushrooms?  How much effort does it take to chop a few fresh mushrooms?  I had the gyro salad - it had iceberg lettuce, a couple tomato slices and a few cucumbers.  The gyro meat was good but, really?  iceberg lettuce?  Sigh....  It did come with tzatziki sauce but, I've had better.  This tasted like it came out of a bottle - definitely not freshly made.   It was ok but, if you don't want to be inhaling smoke your entire meal, good luck....it seems as there is no place you can go to get away from it.  And the food is just ok.  Probably won't be back.
This place used to be the bomb. Too bad new owners and the energy of the place went down.   Today i went with my wife to watch the World Cup and ordered the special. When I went to pay it was $17 for only one plate which had 3 pieces of kebabs and a side of yogurt.   This place lost it's fun. Too sad to see it go downhill.
Hookahs are the draw here. The food is mediocre and the atmosphere quite blah. If smoking sheesha is your thing, there aren't many old town Scottsdale options so this may be your place. My bud ordered lamb tongue and was pretty happy with it. I didn't have the balls to try it, but if you do you may be in for a pleasant adventure.
We were confronted yesterday with a very typical circumstance: on one side of the road was My Big Fat Greek Restaurant, and on the other, a small, independent Kebab shop. We rolled the dice and went with the previously unknown and unrecommended Kebab shop.  Bad move.   First off, the bread they brought us was disappointing to say the least. Next to that, the chicken dish I ordered was slow out of the kitchen and mediocre at best.  More importantly, though, was the general uncomfortable vibe we were marinating in throughout the course of our lunch. The owners/managers spoke in obnoxious tones to their staff and something about the place in general gave us the heebie jeebies. When our waitress finally returned with our check, we were already halfway out the door.
Very expensive and just ok.
Poor service - slow, error prone and had to be reminded repeatedly. Chef did a better job though. Chicken and lamb were nicely done but vegetarian dishes were mediocre.
The best thing about this place was the decor. Food, service, everything else is so average. I was really expecting more. It wasn't horrible, but I won't be back.
We decided to have dinner at the Persian Room.  When ordering, we substituted the rice that comes with the meal for a different type of rice.  The waitress had suggested that I substitute half my rice for small Greek salad. The meal came, the portions were huge and the food was good (not great).  We had to ask several times for refills on our hot tea.  When the bill came we noticed that there was a $10 up charge for the substitutions. I mentioned this to the waitress and she said that she can see my point too (huh?) and would talk to the manager.  She came back to say that he would not take the up charges off because it was written on the menu that there's a charge. I asked to speak with him. His name is Mike.  I told him that the waitress had offered the rice/salad substitution and never said a word about the extra charges and didn't appreciate the up charges and he stated " this is a fine dining establishment and we don't like to insult our customers by telling them about $2-$3 up charges here and there.". I told him that he just insulted me that he assumed I don't know how fine dining works.  He said he would reverse the charges but "next time..." I told him there would be no next time.  He ultimately reversed the $10 in up charges. Oh and we never did get our refill on our tea....
VERY overrated !  I read several reviews on Yelp and really was excited to take my friend here for dinner. What a disppointment!  The server showed up twice--once to TAKE our order, then the second time to ask if we wanted dessert and our bill.  This is not what you call SERVICE.  We ordered the combo lamb and chicken skewer.  The chicken was good but the lamb was extremely tough and full of fat.  Of course we couldn't send it back and address the problem since the server failed to follow up.  I ordered a martini straight up and it took over 45 minutes to receive it. When the bill came they charged me an UP charged since I asked for the normally included cranberry as a SPLASH on the side.  When i asked the server about this charge on the bill, she said that since the cranberry was presented with ICE they had to pour more liquor...I didn't ask for ice...just a splash that I could mix in. They normally include cranberry, chambord, pineapple, and more for the same inclusive price to this martini so this was not an upcharge which was justified.  Heads up to those thinking about coming here.... You can go to several restaurants that offer excellent chicken/beef/and quality lamb skewers that are better quality and much more reasonable. It's clear that The PR doesn't focus on this.  Suggestion, Offer more reasonable portions for less $$ and offer more attentive service. There's obviously a problem when 100% of the tables are taking food to go and paying top dollar for a meal that simply isn't worth it.
It was ok.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong items, but I was not impressed with the quality, on the other hand the quantity was very impressive.
The food was bland, the lamb was hard to chew and full of fat and the vegetables had very little flavor. We were looking forward to eating here but were totally disappointed. I do not recommend it. The best part was the rice.
Really wanted to like this place, but my experience here was not too impressive. It started off great - the decor is nice, we were greeted and seated promptly.  Then out came a plate of basil and onion, with basket of delicious pita bread.  This kept our appetites at bay, while we awaited our waitress.    Then it slid downhill... the waitress took awhile to get to our table and take our drink order.  By the time she arrived, I had already eaten half my pita basket, browsed my iphone for meaning of Gheimeh (it means "stew" in Persian), played with game apps while my husband left for restroom, read entire menu together and decided on meal.  Said waitress eventually arrived to get our full order, then we proceeded to wait some more.  We made conversation and entertained ourselves for 25 minutes, then I started to notice how long we were sitting.  That's when I began trying to make eye-contact with the waitress.  Unfortunately, she breezed by our table several times without stopping.   During this time, nary a glass was to be refilled.  After 35 minutes, we noticed another table with a large party (that sat down after us) was getting their food.  My husband actually suggested taking off - but I decided to wait it out.   Finally, after 45 minutes, our food arrived.  We ordered the Vegetable Gheimeh (remember kids, that means "stew") and the Lamb Loin meal.  Both entrees were just "ok".  The stew had vegetables that were cooked down to imperceptible mush and the flavor was entirely blah.   My husband's lamb entree was better, but also lacked much flavor.  Basmati rice was prepared fine, but still nothing special.   I didn't see or taste anything that would make me want to return.  Final verdict?  Save your money and visit another restaurant.  This one isn't horrible, but neither is it worth your time and money.
Well, the ambiance is beautiful and wonderful. The service was good. The food was shit, even the raspberry iced tea had no flavor. We got the chicken and lamb kabob with rice and the rice was not even done, a few pieces of the chicken were ok and the lamb was tasteless.. The Persian ice cream was delicious, it smelled like roses. But you have to keep in mind we were the last ones in there and the kitchen was about to close, so I imagine the food would have been better earlier. Overall, it was ok, but ive had better. I don't think I would come back, I tried it once, and maybe I'll try another Persian restaurant when I get the chance to compare the two.
Why bother?
I wanted this to be great. I love Persian food. And the food here is really good. And I would totally eat it again, if it was not for having to go to the actual restaurant to eat. The service was so below par that it was actually hilarious. First, we were greeted and seated quickly. Which was very nice and the hostess was very polite. So far so good. Then we were told our waiter would be right with us. So we waited....  and waited....  waited........  finally, my friend asked a waiter that we would like to order. But this boorish lady with a Russian accent said "I will will get him". First, why do you need to get him. You were folding napkins (slowly, I might add) before we called you over. You could have taken our order and then told our waiter. Or at least, said with a nicer tone. I felt like we had just signed the death warrant for our waiter. And when she arrived, she was very pleasant and apologized for the wait. We ordered our meals and drinks. My beer and my other friend's ice tea arrived quickly. But my other friend's wine just didnt arrive. The excuse we got was "we don't have a bartender tonight, the manager is finding it".  Then she left. And we never saw her again. Our appetizer arrived and our main courses. But still no wine! Finally, we got someone over here, just for them to run off to get the manager. So another guy arrives and we get the wine. By the time, he poured the glasses, he was already gone from the table. And no surprise because the wine was bad.   Then as we chatted, with plates just sitting in front of us. And that Russian mob woman back to her napkins.   Then the "manager" arrived with our check. And told us our waitress had to leave. See what I told you?! Totally signed her death warrant with that Russian mob lady.   No apologies, no nothing. So while the food was good. I would just stay away, I mean the restaurant was half empty when we went and it was midweek. I can not imagine this place when it is busy.  So two stars because the food was great but just like how one F can ruin your GPA, the service just ruined it for us.
Let me start by saying I was tempted to give 1 star...  **Our server was great, he was a young man, but I don't remember his name.  We have been to Persian Room many times (me since 2006, my husband prior to that) and probably for the first couple of years I would have given them 5 stars, and then, it keeps going down hill...  We used to go more often but for the same reason our visits are more sporadic nowadays. A few times the service has been terrible, specially with big groups, some huge delays, messed up orders, some other time our food arrived before our appetizer... go figure...  This last time the unthinkable happened... I didn't like the kashk bademjan... I am not the expert in Persian food, but up until that day kashk bademjan had always been delicious, creamy and you would have never known eggplant was involved. Well. Chunks. Huge chunks. One twice the size of my thumb. And seeds... and kashk nowhere to be seen...  Also, the gorgeous rice, long skinny grains, dark yellow, flavorful, seems to be a thing of the past... the rice was OK, but it was regular blah rice, that was not shiny Persian Room rice : (  Well, not everything is lost, their Koobideh is my favorite, it is still good. We also like the homemade doogh. However, when you put everything together, for that price, I don't think it is worth it : ( While before, the rice itself was worth the trip and the check.  As a side note, we had a coupon, and we went there on Dec 31. The coupon had a holiday restriction, and I honestly considered that the holiday was January 1st. Well, the host/shift manager brought it back to us saying it was a holiday and they didn't even have the lunch specials that day, so they rejected our coupon.  We were not very happy, but oh well... However...  As we were leaving... my husband brought it to my attention... if it is a holiday and they don't have 'lunch', how come we got the blah pitas instead of the real naan? Anyway, the pitas reminded us why we don't go to lunch to Persian Room, and the bad kashk bademjun will remind us why we don't plan to go back any time soon... : ( I am sorry if I am overdoing it with the sad faces, but it is because this was one of our favorite places.
WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!! If you don't like serving guests upstairs, please don't seat us up there. I eat out every day and I've never seen such lazy, careless service in my life. To start, It took 15 minutes to get greeted. When we finally did get greeted, it was by a rude server who seemed annoyed we were there. His first words to us were "are you ready?" That set the tone for the rest of the dinner. He went downstairs and came back up to check on us one time. The bartender working up there ignored us, we never even got refills on our drinks, and we had to go up to her to get our bill, even though all she was doing was just standing behind the bar doing nothing. The food was good, and they were playing Monday night raw on the tv upstairs which was the only reason they are getting one star from us. Your food is good, now please fix your service!
Food was just okay. They serve dinner on serving platters which is way too much food. Waiter was obnoxious and became extremely annoying as the evening went on. Felt like he was rushing us and just wanted us to pay the bill and leave. Not sure we will go back.
Our dining experience was less than desirable & very disappointing. Save your money folks. There are much better dining options in Scottsdale!   The decor is nice & is far superior than the service & food.  When our waiter showed up he greeted us with "are you ready?".  There was no explanation of how to eat the onion, basil, cilantro & strips of bread/butter.  The food was very bland. I had the veggie eggplant/okra dish which was very over cooked. The eggplant was gross and hard to even get on my fork. Very mushy and reminded me of snot!!!  The okra was mushy and flavorless. I ended up adding raw onion from the appetizer plate just to get some flavor. The rice was okay.  My hubby had the veggie skewer and agreed it was very bland & tasteless.  Not worth the price. We will never return! Plus the staff needs a refresher course in customer service!
My family always enjoyed the food but lately the service as well as the food has not been too consistent.  You used to get a bed of greens with basil but few times only was cilantro. Ordered the Bagla polo rice and got cherrie rice and white rice, ordered a plat of grilled onions but got a few pieces in a large plat.   Tonight was a disappointing dinner:-(.
A group of 7 woman chose to dine at the Persian room.  We came from all over the valley, from Goodyear, from Chandler, etc.  How excited we were.  We all had heard such wonderful comments about the restaurant.  We went on an Saturday night, reservations at 6. Assumingly, their busiest night, so they should have been well prepared.  What a horrendous experience we had.  It started off well.  But we noticed right away the service was slow.  When I was finally able to flag someone down to take my drink order, I was informed they could not make a mojito as they did not have any mine.  No mint?  A middle eastern restaurant without mint? They tried to push their signature drink on me, but I was not interested.  I had already been informed the drink was overly sweet.  Fine, I just stuck with water.  Another attendee ordered a Pear Martini that she had to send back as it tasted like cough syrup.  She ended up with one of their signature drinks.  Dinners were ordered.  For $17.00 I received a large plate with 3/4 of it rice and what looked like one skewer of chicken.  Looking around, the plates of the other attendees looks pretty much the same, a small portion of meat and 3/4 of rice.  The entire time we were there [approx. 3 hours] not once were our water glasses refilled.   Not once did the waitress come over and asked how everything was, did we need anything.  Not once.  After dinner, the dinner plates took an extremely long time to be removed and not all the plates were removed.  Two of the woman ordered the Persian Pastry, only to be informed by the waitress they were all out of it.  Did the woman want something else?  One woman ordered baklava and the other ordered another item off the menu.  What she received was not what she ordered on the menu, but instead another item was brought out, having been told once again, the second dessert she ordered was not available either.  Two of us women decided to order an after dinner coffee, with a shot of Kahlua and whipped cream. They were brought out iced, and in a whiskey glass.  What?  I informed the waiter I wanted hot coffee.  Got my hot coffee, luke warm, and again in a whiskey glass.  Really?  I wanted a cup of coffee, and I get it in a whiskey glass?  Another woman at the table just wanted a cup of regular coffee and it took the waitress over 15 minutes to bring her the coffee.  What, did they have to pick and grind the beans?.  Meanwhile, dirty dinner plates remained on the table.  Finally, we all had enough.  Once of the woman took charge after the waitress was bringing by the checks.  She wanted to speak with the manager.  During the 1/2 hour, many discussions took place, whereas the manager was very condescending. [Makes you wonder if that is how he speaks with his customers in general, or just us because we were woman]. They were understaffed that night.  It's a Saturday night.  It is the restaurant's responsibility to make sure they are staff and the customers are attended to.  He offered to give a $30 dollar gift card for us to come back.  Come back?  That was laughable.  We are never coming back and cannot wait to tell our experience to our friends.  The manager then comes over with the two desserts that were initially ordered?  Where were these the first time around?  Oh, the waitress did not know that they did in fact have the desserts.  Would we like them know? No!  What we want is our check and some compensation for our horrible experience.  "We could box up the desserts and you can take them home".   What part of no did he not understand.  After much insistence he did comp some of each of our checks, but the full gratuity was left on.  No way.  We were not leaving a full tip.  The woman was a horrendous waitress and full tips were not given.  Never ever ever going back!!  The show Mystery Diners would have had a field day with this one.
Very overrated. Our food was cold and my vegetarian dish was awful. Overall a bad experience.
They have a nice dining area but I have to say their food isn't up to par. I recommend The Big Fat Greek restraunt on tatum & shea
Ordered #35 on the menu. Extremely disappointed. Four pieces of hard lamb... and 95% of the dish Jasmine rice. Very blah. Will never come back.
My husband and I were the only Caucasian Hispanic couple in the joint so I guess we got the visitors (non-ethic related) plate--one that was bland, skimpy, cold and had a hair in it.  I can't help but to notice that the BAD food is for the Gringos.   Sunday was busy, we dressed casually and got the the bad joke about my hubby's t-shirt from the waiter. There were plenty of casual exercise wearing families there. I would have been very upset had I felt like I dressed for a special occasion and received this Extremely Bad Food.   Big deal on the decor, the inside looks like an over the top gaudy and old fashioned ethnic restaurant. My husband and I would have rather eaten at a fast food (forbidden for us) restaurant!   Lamb was a cheaply cut, marinated in water and pounded to separate the grizzle. A measly 4 1 inch pieces that aren't even 1 inch solid chucks of meat.  Seriously, I can cook Persian food MUCH better.  The plate made the portions look large.    The service was fast but the portions misleading and a TOTAL ripp off.  The waiter never checked on us.   And how do you eat chunks of raw onion wuth basil and bread? Who wants to be around someone after eating raw onions--GROSS!   I would give this zero stars but the yogurt dip was the only good thing.  PS: Groupon sucks for carrying this crap
I was extremely underwhelmed.  The decor fit a higher end Persian restaurant and the service was average. I am not normally a fan of basil but the basil and onion with their homemade bread was good.  We started off with the hoummos and eggplant but they messed the order up! As the entre, we ordered the Tour of Persia and a large Greek salad with a skewer of chicken. The portions were good but it all went down hill from here. The rice was undercooked to the point that it frequently got stuck in my teeth. The chicken was undercooked,  as well,  but was seasoned well. The salad was extremely poorly cut and was difficult to eat because of that.   Then at the very end they kept both appetizers on the bill, even though we only ate one!   I had heard a lot of good things about this place but I won't be coming back anytime soon.
The service really was unacceptable. Persian food tastes better than this people. Please don't let this be a representation of how it is suppose to be.  The first onion was dirty. The third time, it was rotten inside. My family will not return here again.
Not sure if this has changed hands, but the gyro I got had minimal meet at best. Big dissatisfaction. Won't be back
i have been visiting this restaurant since i moved to AZ. it was very delicious at first, but the quality started to drop down a lot with time. lately, they were always been serving me an almost frozen food especially lamb shank. lightly warmed up, and very cold from inside.  i was very disappointed and frustrated. also, what really bugged me was that i talked to the manager about this issue and i proved that to him, but he did not show any type of courtesy such as 10-15% off for their low quality food. NOT EVEN A SMALL DISH of desserts.
Food was great, but HORRIBLE service! Walked in the door, I wasn't even acknowledged for the first 5 minutes. Hostess was on the phone. Didn't even say "hi" or "be with you in a minute" I just stood there until 1 of the waiters finally sat me down.  I'm not gonna get into details. Just work on your service.
I used to love coming here for hookah and hanging out with friends. But the ASU frat boys found out about it and the place but isn't what it used to be. The foods gotten really bad too.
This place is pretty trashy, I'd rather smoke my hookah at home.
I MUST talk about the food at this place!!  Okay, it was only recently that I decided to really try their food. and it was soo yummy! One time, I had a gyro and a seesh thoola (is that spelled right?) The second sandwich was a grilled chicken dish wrapped in a pita. it was so good! Their olive oil is quite good. The gyro was good too - a little greasy for my liking, but still yummy.   Another time I went - i went with a couple of friends and we brought it down! We had a kebab combination. My friend had just a chicken kebab and I had a lamb kebab and the sheeh thoola combo and my other friend had just the lamb. It came with salad and hummus and pita as well as our entrees and rice and this one side dish of feta cheese, tomatos and i think sage? I didn't get to eat it because my friend ate it all! damn her!   The hummus and pita was DELICOUS! and the rice was amazing. The kebabs were a little dry - I gotta admit but everything was good. I was really surprised. I thought it wasn't going to be that great. I wish we sat at a table becuase eating in their lil booths with just pillows on the floor was not very easy. We all got leg cramps that night.   But seriously - the service is SHIT! There's this guy who is their waiter - if you're not a FEMALE under 25 and WHITE and BLONDE and a size ZERO and have HUGE tits... he does NOT give a shit about you! and that's REAL! I am SO not lying!! I've have been to this establishment atleast a dozen times and everytime - the story's the same. We go up and order our hookah... this employee takes the order is seems rather pissed to do so. I give him my ID and credit card and sit down with a couple of menus.  SEVERAL minutes later, our hooka comes and then we order our drinks and another quarter hour later our drinks come and then he seems CRAZY annoyed that we actually want food. I never care and just order anyway. There's been a couple of times when my friends wanted to eat somewhere else because of this guy's attitude. We order anyway. He reluctantly takes our order. We sit and wait... and wait... and wait... I search the room for him and there he is... standing over some girl's clevage as she giggles and twirls her hair. and FINALLY (one time 40 minutes later) we get our food. a-hole supreme usually plops our plates down and gives us more coles and is GONE. We never get refils on our drinks unless we beg another employee who seems like he's 15 years old.  When we're done - we flag him over from yet another table where he's now hovering over a different cleavage since cleavage number 1 has left. and he clears the tables and leaves us yet again. Until we're done smoking and then finally go to the register to pay. When i think about it... the service really does suck! but the food is so good and so is the hookah. I've come close to telling off the waiter of the year - but the tobacco and food always calm me down. :P
Seasoned well, but dry.  Take a kabob, go to Pita Jungle and drown it in tahini and taziki.  Now that's good inter-restaurant ideating.
Went to TK specifically to try the pistachio ice cream. They were out. Then I asked what other dessert I could try instead (read: I want to spend money in your establishment), I was told I could only get dessert if I ordered other food as well.   And they promptly lost a potential customer for this inane rule.
If your business says you are open until 9:30pm, then you should be taking customers.  If not, lock your doors.  We arrived at 9:15pm and asked if food was being served as we could sense a hesitation in the greeting.  She went to "check".  Afterwards, another woman came out (the head honcho) and told us, "We can serve you, but you'd have to be out by 10:30 (with a straight face and looked us in the eye).  My friend looked at me to see what I was thinking.  I was already on my way out the door.    That was highly disrespectful.  There is a way to talk to people.  Just say your kitchen is closed.  I don't tolerate ANY level of disrespect from ANY establishment.  So maybe your business is doing THAT well that you feel you don't need new customers.  (I don't think any business is is in that position, especially nowadays).  I don't care what you're serving up in there, no thanks.  There are way too many places to eat...pause.
I just got a take out from here, the Beef Kabob. There is a reason I get take out,  I can't cook. But I darn sure could have cooked this one. I got white rice (Uncle Bens?), some meat that had been cooked on the grill straight from the cow, no spices / sauces or anything extravagant lke that, and a half onion that might have passed over the grill on the way to my takeout box.  A hint of yellow coloring that may have been either saffron or crayon, I'm not sure. It sure looked pretty but didn't taste like anything.  $18 bucks after take out tip, I wish I'd just gone to Wendy's.
We went there with high hopes & but got disappointment. Many of the items had just rice with charred vegetables without any spice. Even meat items had no taste. We felt it too costly for the quality we got. Desserts were okay.
Average overpriced food, relatively slow service...  located next to pita jungle I give the owners credit for being there that long watching pita junle getting busier while tasty kabob is completely empty. Nerves of steel for sure lol  plenty of better options out there for med food just look on yelp.... Also if your vegieterrian good luck, litle to no options... Lower you prices and improve your quality tasty kabob med food is not a novelty anymore like back in the 80'.
Damn you Yelpers you steered me wrong!!  I agreed to go to this place only after reading all of these glorious reviews on Yelp, only to be in for a rude awakening upon my arrival.    I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but the phrase you get what you pay for has never rang more true for me.  I love Middle Eastern food, like seriously, no joke.  So how excited was I to try a new Middle Eastern restaurant not too far from my office with ridiculously low prices?? You can probably figure it out from there.  The meal started out okay.  I got a pretty darn big piece of Spanakopita for $1.95, which excited me.  It was decent, not very flavorful to be honest but for $1.95 I'll eat them all day long. My boss ordered a side of hummus to start, and his story was pretty much the same.  We then both ordered the Chicken Kabob sandwich for a whopping $3.99 and I was stoked. Until it arrived that is.  I took one bite and could tell right away that something was not right, with the chicken I mean.  After I taste a funky piece of meat, that's it. I will not be taking another bite. It just won't happen.  I did however perform a little surgery on one piece on a side plate to discover that as I suspected, the inside was pink, as in NOT FULLY COOKED.  It took a bit out of me to not get sick right there at the table.  I was hungry though so I tried to eat around the chicken, only to discover that this was the dryest chicken kabob sandwich I had ever had.  I probably should've figured that out by watching my boss douse his with the entire appetizer of hummus to add some flavor, but what can I say, I like to figure some things out on my own.  All in all my meal ending up costing less than $6, which was sweet, except for the fact that I didn't really eat anything.  Oh, and I should probably mention that we got back to the office and my boss didn't stop bitching all afternoon about how badly his stomach hurt. I believe that's called salmonella : )  Anyways, I'm a bit surprised that I had such a lousy experience with so many great reviews before me.  Maybe it was an off day, maybe all the reviewers before me were blinded by the price, regardless, I won't be back to find out.
Well, I guess I suck, but I can't figure out why anyone would eat here when Tasty Kabob is right up the street. In fact, I can't figure out why anyone would eat here, period.  Went for lunch. Crowded; we got one of the last tables. Good sign, right? My response to that is always, "McDonald's is always crowded, too."  The wall next to my head was covered in former customers' meal splatter. Experience tells me that if the dining area and bathrooms aren't clean, the kitchen is 10 times worse. I forged ahead, undaunted.  The food came, and things got worse. Overcooked kabobs so dry, I could not work up enough saliva to break down the proteins. Had to swallow large hunks of meat. Bland, oily hummus and baba gannoush. Iceberg lettuce drowning in dressing. The only edible item was a gyro. Service was glum and perfunctory.   I'm convinced the main reason people eat here, as with Mickey Dee's, is the price point. $3.29 for a hearty gyro is pretty astonishing. But I'd rather save my pennies so I can go to a place with clean walls and appetizing dishes.
Three words:  food borne illness.  Frankly, their food isn't tasty enough to warrant the risk.
2 stars - I've experienced better, many times. Anyone who reads my reviews may come to the conclusion that I eat out just so I can write bad reviews. I assure you this is not the case. I always want to be wowed when I go to a restaurant. Nothing is more of a let down than mediocrity during the sacred dining hour.   In a nutshell, it's a neat little place and our service was very good. Nothing was horrible. Appetizer was quite tasty, but the pita was flimsy and had no taste to it. Entree was OK, but the little bubble gum size, chewy chicken is disgraceful. Not appetizing at all, pushed it all to the side.  Arabic (or Turkish) coffee was good, but done too quickly. It's supposed to slowly rise to the top 3 times before being served. I know, you're busy and it's a pain in the ass, but that's how it's done, and tastes much better when cooked properly. Also should have had more cardamom and sugar, but that's probably just my personal taste.
Saw this place on "Check Please" and the reviews looked awesome so when we were in the area I begged my husband to take me!   I was super excited when we pulled up but we got there a little early and ended up having to wait for the owner to open up. I walked into the cashier blocking off the dining area, when I tried to get his attention he practically jumped at me telling me that the dining room was closed. (like there should have been a huge DO NOT ENTER sign at the entrance) OK..... so when I ask him when its open he says "to go only" another OK .... when I walk up to order he says "but the kitchen won't be ready for an hour" AN HOUR?!?! its 11, most restaurants are ready to serve food at 11, you want me to wait an hour?? NO  I really did want to try the food at this place, but quite frankly I'm not willing to give any of my hard earned money to a restaurant that is going to be rude and unhelpful.  I don't care how good ppl say their food is.. no thank you!
This place was unfortunately not all that amazing. You get a decent amount of food, and the prices aren't bad at all, but the food is very average, and fairly bland. I got the combination plate and everything on it was pretty mediocre. You can get better gyros at many other places in the valley.
I purposely didn't read the Yelp reviews before coming here so that I wouldn't have any preconceived notions about this place. I wanted to check this place out with fresh eyes. Some of my points here have been shared many times over in previous reviews but again, I purposely didn't read them so this review is from my eyes as a "virgin" visitor.  My son and I came here last night before heading to Gammage for a play. My first thought upon entering was "Am I in the wrong the place?" Haji-Baba is a small ethnic market as well as having a small eatery inside. It is an older store and the restaurant is off to the far right side of the store. In fact, the restaurant seems like an afterthought. There are very old tables and chairs, with the cheapest silverware, napkins, plates and glasses that the restaurant supply stores carry. There is no personality to this part of the store at all. And while that isn't entirely a bad thing because I'm not afraid to visit a dive restaurant, in the case of Haji-Baba, this was just a sign of things to come.   Despite being severely overdressed, we were seated at a nearby table by a polite man who came across like one of the owners. Unfortunately, he was not our server. Our server was a man who was barely audible when he did speak to us, which was nominal at best; which is to say that he said just enough to get our order and then never came back again. Our dinners came out in less than 5 minutes..which seemed very surprising to me. Although our dishes are not complex, nor is the menu as there are limited selections at Haji-Baba, I thought that there might be a little more effort, especially now that I've read so many other reviews on this place. The food was clearly pre-made and just scooped on the plate. I guess that's ok and maybe I'm spoiled and used to cooked-to-order food lately. Hard to say.  The food itself was pretty good. My schwarma plate came with tabouli, hummus, rice, schwarma and 1/2 of a pita. My son's beef schwarma had rice, greek salad and schwarma. No hummus for him and he had the other 1/2 of my pita. Both of the schwarmas were fine. It was nothing special. I've had better and I've had worse. The hummus was creamy though kind of bland and the pitas were warm and flavorful...when we got more! Our first one was kind of blah. The rice was just plain white rice. The Greek salad was way overdressed to the point of soggy. The tabouli was nice though with just the right amount of crunch.   Overall, this would have been a 3 star review if not for the lackluster service we received. Our server had zero personality. He never came back to check on us though he stopped at several tables near us to give them a "thumbs up" to check on them so maybe it was just us and the fact that we were dressed up that put him off. I thought initially that he might not have been comfortable speaking English as clearly most of the staff here were European but he spoke beautifully to the tables around us. Our drink vessels were bone dry. I had to flag down the guy who seated us to get extra pitas and refills on our drinks. Next time I'm in Tempe, I'll go the 1/2 mile up the street to Pita Jungle for Mediterranean food. The service was better and the food had some heart put into the process of preparation. Haji-Baba was, in a word, forgettable and that's kind of a shame because with a little work, it could be the 5 star place that so many people on here seem to think it is.
So I found this little market place serving Mediterranean  food.  Place reminded me of little Asian market.  Disorganized and cluttered.  I was very skeptical about this place, but I read yelp review and figure what can it go wrong.... Right?  Well, waited 40 mins to get my food, because they forgot my order.  Chicken was burnt.  I mean it was so black, I thought I was eating a charcoal.  I made small compliant to them, they offered to give me $3 off the tab..  I would of been more pleased if they remade my food, but they were closing.  So $3 off the tab was the only option they given me..  Salad was decent.  Fresh and great dressing.  Hummus was decent.  Little salty and sour compared to others.   Rice was okay, nothing special.    Food was about average to me.  I had a better experience eating at "Greek wrap" on bell road.    I don't think I will be returning to this place after the experience I've encountered.  It is not worth of waiting 15 mins for seating, getting over cooked food, and not getting my order for 40 mins.    Maybe next time, they will get my order correct, however, it is not worth the trip for average food..
I heard from some friends that this place was awesome and that it was much better than Pita Jungle.  If its better than Pita I am all over it.  My husband and I went and we got the two most popular things on their menu plus an iced tea.  The flavors were very nice but I didnt like the use of dark chicken meat.  To me it just doesnt taste as good and there was no choice it just comes that way.  Other things were really dry and not as good as what I am used to when I go out to eat.  The iced tea was nice it was a black tea with cinnamon added so not that special but I guess it is different than the norm which I like.  To me Pita Jungle and My Big Fat Greek are far superior but of course it would depend on what you ordered.  I like spicy and I love tahini.  This place was kinda below average for me and I think its because of the dark meat chicken.  My husband left his whole plate untouched pretty much.  He had a sampler with grape leaves, meat balls, rice, etc.  it wasnt that good but we brought it home and I warmed it up the next day and it was much better for some reason.
Not real sure about this place.  It's as if someone put up some shelves and emptied out boxes as they were handed to them without some real thought.  The shelves are jumbled and hard to navigate and if you aren't a man, do not expect any assistance from the cashier.  She was NOT happy to have women in her shop.  If I didn't need something specific while I was in AZ for a dish I was making for my hostess I would have walked right back out.  Normally in a small shop like this I would show my support and do some shopping, but not this time.  I am SO GLAD I do not live here I won't be needing to come back here anytime soon.  Plus the place just looked dirty.
I saw the reviews on yelp which took me to this restaurant. It was me and my husband, I ordered the shish ( lamb) kabob plate and my husband ordered the kabob kubideh sandwich. I thought the quantity of lamb on my plate was really less (one small skewer) with lots of rice, salad , one burnt piece of tomato and bell pepper. Plus the dish itself was really dry overall..the taste of the lamb itself was just about average..nothing to rave about. My husband's sandwich was also..well..mehh..very dry, loaded with lettuce and the sandwich bread was not tasty. thing is, we just moved to Arizona from California and the quality of middle eastern food in California is really good and maybe that's why we were disappointed with this place. Anyways I might give this place one more shot to try the chicken shawarma. Till then, I'm going to stick to 'my big fat Greek ' restaurant.
Oh yelpers....you steered me wrong this time.... I went to Haji Baba yesterday with a friend after having a friend recommend it in addition to having great yelp reviews. Let me say, it was not so awesome. My friend went to wash her hands and said the bathroom was one of the most disgusting bathrooms she had ever seen in a restaurant. We both got the chicken shwarma plate with the garlic sauce...the plate was large, but the food on it was not very good. The chicken was some of the worst quality I have had in a long time....having cartilage and other chewy grossness.... The garlic 'sauce' was more like mayo...really gelatinous. The rice was just plain white rice, the hummus was ok....pretty generic, the tabbouleh was almost all parsley, barely any grains or tomato.....it just was not so pleasant. I would not go back for sure.
Everybody I know loves Haji-Baba. For me it's just okay. I love Mediterranean food - veggies, hummus, babbaganouch (sp?) and all the rest. I just feel that the food here is mediocre. With as many choices as there are in the valley for finer food, this one ranks lower. If you're on a budget, however, this is your place. Great prices.
Food was painfully bland. I dined in a group of four, so I tried several appetizers and main courses.  Appetizers: kibbe, hummus, baba, dolmas. All bland.  Main courses:  lamb kebab, chicken kebab, felafel  Best food I had: felafel, baba, chicken kebab
Not impressed at all. I tried several here things and liked about half of them. The only good thing about this place is that it's cheap.   Good:  Babaghanooj Beef shawerma Chicken shawerma  Bad:  Hummus (no flavor) Lamb tongue (chewy and horrible!) Gyro sandwich  Unfortunately, I ordered the lamb tongue and only had one bite. Wish I tried the falafel instead. I won't be back.
Great Hookah but I really think they need to clean the place. I have been there 3 or 4 times and everytime I have been the tables are always filthy the hookahs that are displayed are gross. ONLY enter the restrooms at your own risk because something in the toilet might come out and open the door for you. It's gross I don't care how good their hookah is they take no pride in their cafe and in keeping it clean for customers. Too many other clean Hookah joints in town I will not be going back!
I am dumbfounded by the rave reviews for the food at Marrakech. I've had better food in the employee dining room at Caesars Palace!!! There are much better places in town to get middle eastern food... maybe not Moroccan, per se, but do you really consider two withered beef kabobs jammed in a pineapple with a birthday candle on top Moroccan?! I did love the ambience here. The room is cozy, red plush sheikh-chic, like the inside of a Bedouin tent. The bellydancer was really beautiful and very talented, and danced for most of the meal. The service was pretty good, and the seats are comfy. In short, everything was going along great until the food arrived! OK, maybe I don't know enough about Moroccan food (I've only been to one other place that serves it), but I was expecting more delicate spices and exotic sweet/savory blends, grilled meats and interesting stuff like that. What we got was: white bread and shrimp scampi... minestrone soup (OK, it's supposedly "lentil" soup but it tasted like Chef Boyardee to me)... a few pickled beets and olives with hummus and more white bread... the aforementioned beef kabobs jammed into a decorative pineapple... some sort of salty stewed chicked and potatoes... and a GINORMOUS apple-baklava-pie thing that looked like it came from the bakery at Costco, doused in powdered sugar and dumped unceremoniously on a plate. I'm kind of a foodie, and this was not foodie-food -- this was food for people who are too busy ogling a bellydancer to care what they're stuffing into their salivating maws. I had been wanting to come here for a long time, and  I was very disappointed.  For those seeking an Arabian Nights-vibe, I would recommend Paymon's over this any day -- although they don't have belly dancers, so if that's the main draw for you, then enjoy your white bread and Chef Boyardee... but don't eat the pineapple; they "wash" them and re-use 'em.
i was not at all impressed with marrakech. i will give it two stars for the very cool, tent-like atmosphere, the yummy hummus and the free bottle of wine. otherwise... meh. the lentil soup tasted canned, the bread was dry and the chicken and couscous they served us at the end was tasteless.  they also have a belly dancer who will come up to your table, wiggle around and stare at you while you are either trying to eat your food or converse with your dining companion. i didn't want to be rude and ignore her, but other people were tipping her and i felt awkward paying attention and smiling politely while she danced around our table without giving her a tip, which would have made me feel creepy, like i was at a strip club or something... maybe i am just too awkward for this place.
Wanted to take my mom to a new experience.  Looked on Yelp and found this restaurant.  But I'm ROYALLY PISSED OFF after eating here!!!!   Let me start by telling you that the quality of food is very good.  The belly dancer is very good.  The reason for the 1*.......  I didn't check the regular price or looked at their website before I went into the restaurant. My bad, but I TRUSTED the waiter.  I mentioned Yelp and the waiter acknowledged the 15% discount on the total bill.  When I received the total bill it was full price but I didn't realize it was until our taxi driver, who came to pick us from the restaurant, mentioned that dinner was $39 something. I came back to the hotel and checked on line.  WHAT THE MOTHER FUCK!!!!!  I got charged full price!!!  I TRUSTED our waiter and he even mentioned for me to make sure I write something on Twitter - yes you heard me right.... "TWITTER" and to make sure I tell my friends.  On their website it mentioned that Thanksgiving eve dinner was 50% off if I mentioned either on Facebook or Twitter.  If he wanted me to write something on Twitter, he could had given me 50% off as indicated on the website.   I wouldn't be bitching so bad if I even got the 15% discount.  It's the principle!!!  Plus I gave him over a 20% tip!!!  Dinner for two $79.90, one goose $7 and tax $7.04 which came up to $93.94 for two people.  Nada discount....  Food and dancing was 5 stars, but the shady thing the waiter did subtracted 4 stars...
I don't get the hype. High priced, average food, and atmosphere. The part time belly dancer/part time stripper was a nice touch.
Tacky and Unrefined....but I'm not talking about Chicken Wings...   This Moroccan restaurant has figured out a working business model.  They use the lack of other Moroccan restaurants in the area, plus belly dancers, plus interesting decor, all to distract customers from the sub par food and poor service.    We did the 6 course tasting menu for $40.  Much of the food tasted like it was sitting out at a buffet, and some unhappy waiter just brought it to our table.  For the money that you will spend here, you can actually go to a good buffet, even though you may have to get the food yourself.    The mint tea at the end of the meal was heavenly.  It was soothing, and left a very pleasant taste on my palette, which helped distract from the other flavors that were there prior.     If you're looking for dinner and a show, get some Teppenyaki.  If you want mediocre food while eating in what feels like a magic lamp, I guess you found the right place.    There is nothing magical about this lamp, and no genie either.  You've been warned.
I had heard of Marrakech and been wanting to go there for about a year already. My Birthday finally came around and i thought what better way to celebrate it then at Marrakech!!! Oh how wrong i was!   the food was bland and really nothing exciting might of even tasted like something thrown together in 15 min. My  waiter made it an even worst experience ever. Making some racial Comments is so uncalled for and how very unprofessional. He was a more heavy set guy who is Cuban i believe.   The food was being rushed.  the shrimp scampi was removed from my table when i had literally put the last shrimp in my mouth then i sipped my lentil soup when the Zalook and Hummus appeared. i dipped in maybe twice when the kabbobs and cous cous was already there and my humus was gone...before i new it everything was wrapped in a box to go all i needed was for someone to tell me ,DONT LET THE DOOR HIT YOUR BUT !!   I will never go here again. One time for me is all it takes. It seems like it has great reviews from many pple but from what i see this place does have a problem with the customer service part. Tip to Waiter Keep the racial comments to your self Buddy. I will be telling all my friends about this place and what bad experience i had . i give Marrakech A BIG THUMBS DOWN!!!!
Went for the second time the other night. Still enjoy the atmosphere and most of the courses are pretty good. I like the scampi course and the beef kabobs best. Would absolutely be a 4 star review if we had not been served a subpar bottle of wine. We ordered a bottle of Moroccan wine for $35. Reasonable price. Well, the waiter did not pour a taste for my husband. As soon as we sipped it we knew why - it tasted bad, like grape juice. I waved a waiter down and said as much but was told that is how it was supposed to taste. Paying for gross wine that we didn't even finish left a bad taste in my mouth. Not sure I'll return.
2 stars only because there was a belly dancer. Both of the dancers we saw were really good.  As for the food:  My tastebuds were more excited during free lunch in the employee dining room today. I felt like the first four courses could be procured at my local albertsons and cooked in fifteen minutes on my stove. Dessert was some banana with sugar? on sugar? and a extra layer of sugar on top.  The final shot of tea tasted like Starbucks black tea with honey.  At 40 bucks a pop normally, i felt that it is seriously overpriced. Thank god for groupon.
Very expensive with no choices.
Marz' review rang a bell with me.  We also, purchases a groupon, and we tried to get reservations.  This meant we had to eat very late.  But I assumed that they had been filled up by groupon members.  No problem.  The reservations were two weeks out!  Then, that evening, I was delayed in an out of town airport.  I called three hours prior to the reservation time to explain our reason for cancellation.  I asked to make new reservations but was told to call at another time!   I then get a note from Open Table, the site you must reserve through, that I was listed as a "no show" and I was at risk of not being able to use open table again!    Needless to say, I was dismayed.    Then, I tried again to get reservations but they were so far out, I couldn't seem to book them on line so we decided to walk in.  In fact, I tried to get 5:30 reservations for Oct 3, but the site said there were none for that day.  We walked in at 6 pm and were asked how many.  We indicated two, and my husband noted we have a groupon.  The gentleman then said, "We don't have availability tonight."  Now, we were there 1/2 AFTER the time we wanted, and there was only ONE table with two people seated at it utilized.  The restaurant was EMPTY.  But they had no availability for us at 5:30, and none when we walked in.  Obviously, they want to space out their groupon customers.  Well, I asked for a refund.  And I will never go back.  I'd love to review the food, but since I haven't been in a few years...I really can't.  I never got to try it.  Beware Marrakesh groupons!  Thank goodness, Yolies, upstairs from Marrakesh, had a place for us.  We were able to eat to our heart's delight and had EXCELLENT service. They were quite full, but still found a quiet table to serve us!
The ONLY reason they get two stars is the fact that the belly dancers were  amazing and the dessert at the end.  When the waiters came around with rosewater for your hands, I thought that was a great touch.  The atmosphere is nice, the dinnerware is surprisingly bland and Kohl's Department Store sale rack-ish.  The food was extra blah with no seasoning or spice.  Thought we rolled in on diabetic night.  Well, we won't be back and the food was too expensive for how it tasted.  The mint tea was excellent, though
Disappointed. Been wanting to try this place for years, so when the groupon came up & thought it would be perfect to try it out. Upon entering, we were seated in an old room that may have been cool back in the 90's but not so much anymore. The first course was shrimp scampi, not bad but not impressive. Second course was the bowl of soup that tasted like progresso, then the hummus platter that was ok. Then the steak skewers that weren't bad but again not anything great. Lastly the chicken & cous cous. This isn't Moroccan food.   The other strange thing was the belly dancer was Asian, aren't we at a Moroccan restaurant? Don't get me wrong, she was good.   For 4 people to dine, with the $65 off for the groupon it still was $102. I'm sorry but it definitely was not worth it. Way better Mediterranean food at Paymons. Lastly the service was lacking, I sat for 20 minutes with an empty water glass, and the place was not busy. Save your $ go somewhere else.  Fake Moroccan restaurant. Owners are Lebanese.
I made a yelp account just to write this restaurant a review. If I could give them ZERO stars I would! My parents were going to Vegas for the first time to celebrate their 25th anniversary, and this is the first time they have gone on a trip together with just the two of them (having 4 kids makes it difficult for them to get away!)   Well, I saw the great reviews for this restaurant and a groupon deal so I bought it as a gift for them. They showed up to the restaurant and the RUDE lady at the front told them that since they didn't have a reservation, they can't eat there, and that if they wanted to eat there they would have to come back ANOTHER DAY and that there were other restaurants in the area and that they should try something else. WHAT THE F WORD!??? My poor parents, who are not used to taking cabs (we live in the suburbs) asked if they could help call them a cab, and they said yeah we'll call someone but you're going to have to wait outside. THEY WOULDN'T EVEN LET MY PARENTS WAIT INSIDE FOR A CAB!! It's December, winter, and I double checked the website and did not see mandatory reservation required anywhere!!!! While they waited outside for 45 mins, people walking by looked and stared and no cab ever came. My dad had to go hail a cab outside in the main streets for them.  They decided to go to this restaurant on a weds night at 6:30, and were rudely turned away and after cabbing here from their hotel, had to cab back. My mom said she has never felt so lowly, degraded, and embarrassed before from this awful customer service and it was a horrible way to end their 25th anniversary. Really Marrakech... no room on a WEDNESDAY night to fit in 2 people?! And asking them to leave your restaurant? I will be writing the owner a letter. SO DISAPPOINTED!
What a strange evening.   We took advantage of the 6 course meal. The first four dishes were amazing. They came out quickly and were quite tasty.  We had totally overlooked the fact that our waiter never smiled and had no personality.  We were having a great time.   The meal started with some fresh baked bread.  The bread was great, even better when dipped into the fourth course, the hummus.  Naturally when the waiter came over to clear the hummus we told him to leave it. There was plenty of bread and hummus left for dipping.   We were having a very nice time, laughing and enjoying the belly dancing. Then we started to notice that the food stopped coming.  It had been 20 minutes since the waiter stopped by. We joked: "maybe we should have let him take the hummus!".   10 more minutes passed as we tried to get the waiter's attention. We finally decided to chug our waters so the water boy would come over. "He could get us our waiter," we thought...  We had now been waiting 40 minutes for the chicken to come.  The water boy came over almost immediatly as we finished chugging. We asked if he knew if our chicken was ever coming...He told us he'd go find out.  Shortly thereafter the waiter came over and said "oh, are you done with this?" referring to the hummus. We really would have continued to dip, but feared we would never see the chicken if we did. We let it go and a few moments later we got our bland chicken.   The moral of the story: DON'T KEEP THE HUMMUS!
We spent the New Year's 2012 eve there. It WAS a unique dining experience alright - nevermore, thank you. Not fun. Not tasty. Disappointing in every respect.   My husband is Moroccan. Naturally I had high expectations for the place knowing the taste of Moroccan cuisine. Trust me, the taste of dishes could not have been more disappointing. How can you guys call yourself Moroccan restaurant when you cook the cous-cous without the basic ingredients?!?! The cous-cous we had was cooked without pumpkin, potato and chickpeas!! Only cabbage. Well, some slices of carrots, too. While It's the Traditional Moroccan dish! Unbelievable...  Now for the dessert. Bastilla filed with chocolate and banana? Where did you get that recipe? It's a BAD mix of Moroccan and American tastes, if this is whet you were attempting to recreate. Hardly eatable...  Now for the famous mint tea. We were not served that at all. Guess, they have decided that free champagne is a good substitute. Well, it was not. By the way, from the color of tea we saw being poured to a couple from another table, we can assume that it is not the best-tasting Moroccan tea either.      As for the entertainment, the dancing lady was lovely! BUT if we had entered the restaurant 10 minutes later - we would have missed her completely. And that was the ONLY entertainment offered for the New Year's eve. Don't even want to mention the music screaming as loudly as it only could from the speakers above our ears. And it was some stupid pop songs, not even a hint to oriental tunes!! Or was it a special offer due to the New Year's eve? Another bad idea, gentlemen.   The entourage is shocking at first as everyone are sitting in front of each other, in one large hall. But you get used to it, so OK for a change.   All in all, we could NOT have been more disappointed by the restaurant. It by no means cost $140. The only reason why I asked the waited to pack the remains of our food to-go, was cuz I wanted to give the bastilla and the cous-cous another chance by eating them at home. It did not help...
Most of the food was neither Moroccan nor particularly tasty. This was a complete waste of time, money and diet calories. What a tourist trap!  Cons - $40 for this food was way too expensive. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind spending money. But, this was unjustified given the quality - Water to wash  your hands with was cold - Course 1: Moroccan style shrimp scampi - this wasn't bad. But, if I wanted a dish that tasted like any other shrimp scampi, I would've gone to Olive Garden - Course 2: Harira: tastes exactly like Indian lentil soup. The Moroccan version has less tomato and more lemon, not to mention less spice - Course 3: Marrakech sampler - The hummous and the Zaluk tasted like they came from grocery stores. The Olives, cucumbers, beets & carrots are clearly canned - Dessert: tasted like banana nutella crepes. It was hard not to snort all the powdered sugar - Couscous: wasn't bad, but didn't even have the basic moroccan flavors you'd see at decent moroccan places - Wine: nothing much to write home about. Overpriced though.   Pros - Kabobs were good - Ambience and belly dancer were a saving grace
TERRIBLE service policies. If you have a groupon, I would get your money back from groupon & purchase something else. I've had terrible experiences on 2 occasions(i walked out the first time and was forced to go the 2nd time)simply because management wants to be difficult. Rather than satisfying and building a loyal customer, they would rather screw their customers out of their money.  I guess it makes sense since I imagine no right minded person would go back a 2nd time, so they may as well get what they can on your first visit. Charging a party of 3 the price of a party of 4 makes no sense. At min. I should have received the 4th meal to go or been served posrtions for 4 people...not just get robbed of $43. If your not going to follow your fine print on Gift certs, then you shouldn't have it.   The food was just Okay... I have definitely had better like food for a the same price or even less.   I absolutely will not go back to this place. They are not accommodating whatsoever and apparently on the verge of shutting down if they are so desperate for an extra $43 dollars that they are willing to not obey their own policies and sacrifice the customer experience.
Wow, I don't know if I ever ranked a place this low. But I feel it is important to note the quality of service and food you'll receive here.  We began our night hoping for a reservation across the parking lot. When they were full we Yelped and found Marrakech right here so we gave it a shot. We were with a large group of 10 and were sat pretty quickly, about 15 minutes which was nice compared to the hour plus wait we left to come here.   The music was very loud and we requested it to be at a more realistic level so we could talk during their 5-6 course meal. It would have been strange to sit there that long and not be able to talk at all. Every 45 minutes or so they had a belly dancing show with even louder music, which is fine since it's not too often and made for the experience overall.  It took a while (15 to get our initial drinks) where we ordered wines. Even longer yet to receive any food such as apatizers or bread. We acctually had to ask to receive something after another 20 minutes of receiving our drinks.   The first place received was breads, humus, olives, etc. which was fine and the last quality food brought out. I won't go into the details of each dish to follow only to say for the expense we were not happy at all.   The wait staff was pleasant but very slow and lacked understanding of the level of sound and need to communicate ones there.  The place is neat looking inside and the concept is fun. Just won't be returning since food and service is too important.
TL;DR - Overpriced and underspiced.  Cons: Not worth $40 for dinner. Maybe $30, but still pushing it for me.The soup was clearly from a can - tasted like cheap Campbell's vegetable soup to me, no flavor, had that tin taste. Bread was okay, nothing special, clearly purchased from a factory. Everything was underspiced and a little bland, which sucks because one of the things I love (and expect!) about food from this region is the flavor. The red wine I had was good, but not $11/glass good. Maybe $6.  Pros: kebabs were yummy, put a couple drops of lemon juice on them for a different flavor. Can't go wrong with hummus and cucumbers. The shrimp (though a bit tough) had a nice sauce. Dessert was yummy and went well with coffee (they give you mint tea, but ask for the coffee instead). Chicken was pretty good. Large portions, my party of 3 had plenty of food to go around. Decor was lovely and the dancing girls were a crowd pleaser. Service was spot on.  I think this was once a nice restaurant experience with authentic food, but management was losing money or wanted to make more money so they cut corners with the food. Typical, but sad. Marrakesh, make a fresh soup and your own bread. Stop outsourcing. Add a little love and flavor into the food. You're not doing yourselves any favors by Americanizing your menu. Sure, you advertise and get the tourists... but what about the locals like myself who would make it a regular thing if you had better food? Do you want someone to spend money once or many times?  Until they get their kitchen in order and their chef in line, I won't be back.
The food is decent but overpriced which I don't expect off the strip.  The kabob is delicious but everything else was just okay.  They start out with bread and shrimp scampi and recommend dipping the bread in the butter.  Well, careful with that because we filled up on bread was busting full by end of dinner.  They bring one couse at a time so it's hard to gauge how much you should eat of each course.  Perhaps several courses at a time will be better.  Belly dancers were entertaining and service was good.
Being a fan of Paymon's other location on Maryland Pkwy, I wasn't too fond of this one...here are my issues with the place:  1. Too Americanized. Although decor is very nice and seemingly authentic, there is a touch of fakeness and not authenticity about it all; The waitresses are always recomending the more "Americanized" dishes and knew very little of the more traditional Mediterranean dishes the few times that I dined here.   2. They started offering pasta! dishes!!! What travesty offering run of the mill spaghetti in a Hookah lounge and Mideterranean place, let's focus on the cuisine at hand!!!  3. Kataifi, my favorite desert is gone!!!  I still enjoyed my Fatoush salad and Baklava desert, and teas were certainly good, but food is still far from what it is at the Maryland location. It seems like the owners are trying to capitalize by abandoning more traditional fair and offering more "poplar with the masses" fair. I was not impressed and won't come to this location of Paymon's again, unless I am really pressed to find no other dining establishment (not likely).
I heard really good things about this place for a long time. So I decided to take a friend there for  lunch.  I ordered the kabob platter which was very bland.  My friend ordered a gyro but when the order came out it was a chicken gyro. When she pointed out the mistake the waiter took it back with apologies.  Totally forgiveable. But a moment later you could loudly here the kitchen staff arguing with the waiter about the mistake.  The waiter then very quickly returned with the correct order.  The service was very good untill the end of the meal when I  wanted the check.  The waiter was nowhere to be found. I had to ask the bus boy for the check witch the host brought to the table.  I was a very disappointing experience after all the great things I have heard.  I'm hoping it was just a bad day. I will give this place one more shot but it may  be a while before I return.
I have given this place two goes and question it's success. The food is nearly terrible. The only upside is that it's a Hookah Lounge and it's a nice little spot for a successful date. But if you're in it for the food, keep on searching. Kabobs and such are NOT done right here.
Mediocre.  Too much quantity over quality. And whats with the HUGE beverage glasses. Waitress didn't know much about the food. Have to say tho', had a better experience at their location near Las Vegas airport.
I've been going here for years and used to love the place and the original on Maryland Pkwy! However, the wait staff is mediocre now and the food portions are getting way too small and the prices way too high!  Ordered hummus and it covered the plate but you could've read a newspaper through it and my gyro had about 1/2 the meat it used to. We haven't been very satisfied the last few times we've been here and the food's way overpriced, $9 gyro and $14 salad (add chicken)?!?! We won't be going back.
I really went to Paymon's with high hopes after reading all of the great reviews, but sadly, I was disappointed.  Maybe it was an off night, maybe it was because we arrived toward the end of happy hour, but regardless, it just was okay at best.  I met my friend at the hookah bar, where we were quickly set up with the Disco Lemonade hookah and ordered drinks.  The drinks (apple martini for my friend, lychee martini for myself), were actually quite good, as was the hookah, which was mild and flavorful.  That's where the good stuff ends, though.  Service from that point was a slow and lacking. We ordered 3 dishes: the wings, calamari, and the Athens fries, which took quite awhile to come out, were lukewarm at best, and tasted old- as if they had been sitting out for awhile.  The hookah attendant seemed annoyed that we weren't smoking our hookah fast enough and *gasp* socializing and talking to each other.  When we finished our meal, we asked our waitress for boxes for the leftovers, which she never brought.  No one ever came back to ask if we were done, needed anything else- or even to bring our check.  After waiting for at least 20 minutes, we finally tracked down our waitress at the bar to ask for the boxes and the bill.  The boxes were given to us with annoyance, and after seeing us struggle with them, a bag wasn't offered- luckily, the hostess at the front offered one to us.  I am not sure if I'll give it another chance.  I did like the location, the look of the lounge, but the food and service...as the stars say- "meh."
This review was meant for the cafe. As far as the hookah lounge goes, everything is pretty cool. I.E. decor, hookah, service. But today I figured 'what the heck,' and decided to have dinner in the cafe...  First off, let me tell you that this place is like the Olive Garden of Mediterranean food. And by that, I mean everything looked and tasted as if it was prepared hours ago and had been sitting in a kitchen waiting for the rush to come in.  Possibly reheated. I dont know, but every dish I ordered reminded of  the cheap quality dishes you find at food chains like Sizzler or Applebees. Seriously, I love paymons for their hookah lounge but the quality of their dinner food was very very very disappointing. Stick to the hookah, get food somewhere else.
what happened to the mediterranean food... when i go there now its all italian! I know italy is on the mediterranean (i hope ;) ) but what little mediterranean food they have on their menu is now just bad... this used to be a great restaurant that all my friends and i would go eat at, but now the food is just bad... Service was great though, dont get me wrong! I just didnt like their new menu... I havent done their hookah lounge and that may be good, but im not into hookahs...
I am sad to say one of my old time favorites went down hill. Nothing was fresh, grape leaves must have been days or weeks old, my lettuce was brown, my Hubs rice was full of butter, and our service lacked a hospitable feeling. After having so many new mediterranean places in town ~ I will keep looking....
Great for appetizers and hookah, bad for dinner.  Maybe I got slighted because I went during the late night hours. The hummus and Athens fries are always good. They have loose leaf tea which is a plus, but the dinner entrees that myself and the rest of my party ordered were equivalent to overpriced Mediterranean fast food.  Ordered a chicken pita. It was alright, nothing extraordinary. Chicken was a bit dry and there was a lot of it, which explains why the pita was served in a paper wrap with printed instructions on how to eat it, so as to avoid a food explosion. It could have benefited from a bit more veggies and tsatziki, as there were only a few lettuce leaves and a sparse amount of tomato and sauce.  The others in our party ordered a brushcette salad with chicken that was also dry with very bitter and overdressed romaine. There were also quite a few lettuce stems in the salad which is quite bizarre. A broiled steak kabob was also ordered. Again nothing extraordinary for the price. Rice was very salty, the green beans with tomato sauce were reminiscent of something you'd find in a geriatric cafeteria.  Service was also painfully slow and one waitress was arguing with what appeared to be her boyfriend. Despite that, our waiter was polite and took the salad off of our check.
This place used to be the best. It's gone downhill. Service is not very good and food isn't what it used to be, won't go back now that there's better places like Khoury's and Yassou's.
Paymon's has always been a local favorite, but I can only provide a very mediocre review.   We came in about 6 on Friday evening. The place was not busy, and the hostess greeted us right away. Fine. But she takes us to a table literally steps from the front door, directly in line with the kitchen door. Can you say freeway? Could have asked for another table, but I didn't...so my bad, but I don't think I should have had to...  Server came and took orders promptly, ok so far. Hummus appetizer comes out quickly, always delicious. Then the entrees came out, gyros salad for me, falamus pita for my wife. also delicious. Maybe not exactly authentic Mediterranean food, but yummy nonetheless. Shared a few Athens fries...these are the bomb.  So what's the problem? Indifferent service.  Our server did not once stop and ask how we were doing. After he took our order, he literally disappeared. A different server brought the food out, and of course our server didn't bother to check if we got everything we needed. He must have passed our table 10 times without so much as a nod of the head. I even had to flag him down for a water refill!   We finished eating and just sat there. No offer of dessert, nothing.  I flagged him down for the check, since by that time I was getting annoyed and just wanted to split.   We like Paymon's and will probably go back, but if the service is as poor  next time, we'll move on.
I appreciate the owner responding, shows character and he stands behind his product.
I used to go to the Paymons by UNLV fairly frequently when i lived on that side of town. My boyfriend and i were in the market for a new happy hour to check out, so i found this place on my mobile app. Regretting it greatly now. First regret, the specialty cocktails. Margaritas were ridiculously too sweet, and i read through the ingredients. They use a mix i have used before, so i'm not sure how those got screwed up... and I'm a bartender.  Next, we ordered the hummus as a starter, and it arrived surprisingly fast. Downside however was it was depressingly bland and oozy, not thick or flavorful at all. We figured oh well, the entrees should make up for it. I ordered the gyro pita, accompanied by athens fries, my boyfriend got the pesto pizza. I couldn't pick up the thing, cuz it would probably fall apart, so i proceeded to make little mini pitas by tearing pieces of it and putting the meat, tomato, onion and tzatziki sauce inside, very messy. I now realize that we were never given settings or napkins. Since my boyfriend had to go looking for our server a couple times, i said to hell with it and got some paper hand towels from the bathroom. My server saw me come back with said towels, and said nothing to us or checked in still. Back to the food. I couldn't put my finger on it, but something was way off with the gyro meat, a little too 'chewy' i suppose, and barely warm.. the fries weren't really anything to write home about. My boyfriend said his pizza was basic and bland also. The only time server finally checks on us, he rudely interrupted my boyfriend and i having a moment. We asked for a box and the check. In all honestly the only reason for the box was to give the food to the dogs. The check arrived, and we were thrown for a loop. I have no problem paying for a quality fare, but we were under the impression that most of our items were on happy hour pricing. Nope. 2 drinks, hummus, pizza and my gyro came out to 50 bucks, wtf. I then got on here and learned that happy hour pricing was only on Tuesday nights. Another thing i came across in these reviews was that Weds nights are customer appreciation night and they take 25% off the final check.  Again, didn't happen. We were over it at this point and just wanted to vacate. Again, my boyfriend had to go looking for our server,  who he said gave him an irritated look when we needed change. I always leave 20% as i am in the industry, and can understand that not all issues are the service staffs fault. In this case I'll admit I lowballed. To make it even better, as we were getting some stuff at the gas station on the way home, i rapidly became unbearably nauseas and ran outside to throw up. Definitely won't be caught here again, i don't even think i feel safe giving the hounds the food anymore... that's bad.
Will not ever go back to this place even though we probably used to eat there at least 3-4 times a month.  My buddy found a 1 inch piece of steel wire brush, the type you would use for pots and pans in his gyro.  We brought it to the attention of the server.  Without expecting anything free, the gyro should have been comped and at least an apology.  Nothing.  Followed up with a complaint to their corporate office.  Manager finally apologized with the excuse that our server was a nice guy but not very intelligent.  Next time we could receive a comp dinner for 2.  That's not the point.  Health Code violation and someone potentially getting injured from eating a gyro is the point.
Food was average... place was clean... service was decent...
After traveling all day I was looking forward to ordering carryout from paymons.  When I called in my order I was disappointed to find out they don't take any carryout orders after 9p
The food was....okay.  The service was....okay.  What was not okay was showing up with a friend wearing a sleeveless $300 shirt and told he couldn't come in to the hookah lounge because of their "dress code" and watching some bimbo walk in with sandals, cut off shorts, a tank top and no bra.  This is NOT an upscale place - they're in a strip mall - and they should be pleased to greet any guest walking through the door.
I was disappointed in the service, price, and food.    The waiter never refilled our drinks, which were completely empty, and never took away our empty plates.    All of the pita sandwiches come in a paper bag to help them from falling a part.  The bag just made it seem cheap and reminded me of a fast food restaurant. Plus the bag did not prevent my pita from falling apart, and I ended up having to eat it with a fork and knife.    There are no lunch specials, so expect to pay full dinner prices.  The pita sandwiches, which are close to $10, do not come with ANY sides and fries are extra.
I've been to both this location and the one at The Arts Factory that closed a while back. The food didn't really do anything for me. I have tried their kabobs and gyros and they didn't seem spectacular to me.  I've heard that their fries are supposed to be the best, they have their own special spice/salt condiment they put on it that I especially disliked. Maybe it's me though. I think they even sell the condiment, people love it so much. The only thing that I would go back for is the lentil soup and the grape leaves. The service is good though, friendly staff.
Ate here recently.  The food was ok but the service was just about the worst I have ever experienced anywhere here in town.  First off they "ran out" of not just their drink special but also the main dish I ordered.  Second, the service was terribly slow.  We are talking 20 minutes to get a glass of wine.  Third, when this was explained to the manager, he offered to take a "couple" drinks off our almost $200 tab, which I will just say was completely inadequate given all the gaffs that went into our meal.  If I wasn't there with a big group I would have walked out  and gone someplace that values my business.  Save yourself some headache by not "walking in" to begin with.
Great menu of choices and specials, but highly mediocre food, at best.  When you claim to feature: Greek, Italian, Persian, Middle Eastern, Indian, and vegetarian dishes...you have the potential to be master of none.  Success!  This, unfortunately, is what they've become.  I've been a few times to try different items (kebabs, pasta, other)...and final and last straw was when I sent back my plate 3 times.   I'm done with Paymon's.  I've never tried their Hookah, but I've walked thru the separate room from the dining side, and it's absolutely gorgeous.  Great lighting, beautiful artwork, and well-ventilated.  For locals, it could be a great night out with the buds, or a date -- but , make sure you get this, it's not 'Vegas'.  It's nice lounge, but you can pick-it-up and place-it-down in Anytown, USA.  Parking is easy, no hassle in the private lot, no valet necessary.  In the end, Hookah wins, but the food is middle-of-the-road.
The curry is bland and so was the hummus.
I am sad to say that our return to this joint was the biggest disappointment in my dinner clique life. We had such a great meal and experience here last year that we selected it for our December gathering. I arrived after two of my friends, who had been seated. He ordered the drink special but was told that they were out of the ingredients for that drink. Ran out THAT MORNING. I ordered my fave from last time, the Mangorita....it sucked. Poorly made and nothing like the fine concoction of our last visit.   The rest of the guests arrived and they ordered a scotch neat and a glass of wine. 20 minutes later it was still not there. In the interim, they had taken our dinner order. As the waiter is being addressed about the missing drinks...hardly difficult to prepare...we are informed that they are out of meat balls. An Italian menu that is out of meat balls because....wait for it....THEY FORGOT TO MAKE THEM!!!   We got our meals finally and it was just a disaster after all of that rigmarole. Now the manager comes to speak to one of our group and says he will comp a round of drinks off the bill....well, they defer to the FIRST round ordered which was the first two who arrived, so no, they did NOT comp a ROUND of drinks for the group. Clearly this place has encountered some kind of change. I fully expect it to be featured on Restaurant Rescue it has gotten so bad. They get one star becuse the calimare was great...the rest rated about 100 on teh suck-o-meter.
Got the gyros platter ($10.95 with gyros meat, rice, salad). Substituted the rice for fries which were really good. Salad was also good. The gyro meat however was bland, lukewarm and soft rather than crisp on the edges. They give you a ton of meat though, but no pita. All in all I'd give the food 3.5 stars.   However the service was horrible. Our waiter didn't acknowledge us after taking our order even though he looked right at our table whenever he passed. We weren't offered refills until we we were completely finished with the meal. And no one wanted to give us our check. The service drops this place down to 2 stars.
Save your money.  Took my girlfriend for her birthday and so noted when making the reservation.  No special dessert offered as is customary at every other place.  Worse, food tasted as it was prepared in advance and was just heated.  Asked for owner who was not there.  Nice waiter but when confronted before leaving, his only response was sorry.  Cashier also told about the problem and she with the personality of a snail, said I should have told waiter (in front of my GF?).  Will not return.
The food can be pretty decent but a few of the chicken dishes really lack seasoning, which some people like. I live like a block away from the Summerlin location and I order from there a lot, out of convenience. I recommend the food for the most part. It's a 6.5 out of a 10 on a good day.  If you want a good hookah experience, go to an authentic Middle Eastern place, these guys think that a hookah is when you slap some tobacco on a water pipe-it's just not that great and a bit grainy, but it's good for anyone who doesn't have or care for high hookah standards. It's a 3 out of 10.   The lounge service is the WORST of the WORST in Las Vegas - the worst. If you are hanging out and/or eating here, expect to be ignored, with a bunch of dirty plates on your table all night, wait 20 min for a beer, good luck getting a water, they are clueless about the menu and everyone is incapable of even saying a proper hello. You will never see the management around and especially won't see them taking any interest in patrons. I'm very easy going but their service is just unbelievable. It's 0 out of 1,000. Lost cause and reason for the 1 star.
I went with 4 girlfriends and we sat in the lounge. We ordered several combo platters and entrays as well as a hook and cocktails. The food was good but the service was rediculasly horrible. It took forever to get a drink and forget about water or even getting an extra napkin. There was 1 (yes you read correctly 1) waitress/ bar tender for the whole lounge on. Which wasn't terribly crowed but not empty either.  I ended up busing our table after having it be full of dirty dishes for over a half an hour. Can't say I would recommend this place or be back my self and the only reason I gave it two stars was the food was acceptable.
1.5 stars, actually.    Cafe: It was quite a late dinner and the cafe portion was pretty empty.  We got a pretty quick and good service.  Food:  Athens fries didn't really work for me.  It was good, but seasoning was bit too much for my taste.   Beef kabob was overcooked. Fesenjan was tasty but on the sweeter side.   Overall, food was ok.    Hookah lounge: The worst of the hookah lounges I've been to.  The waiter, despite repeated requests to replace the coal never did.  He looked at the container that housed coal, blew into it and left.
Service blows here. Not sure if its because its late, but they only have 1 server for the entire restaurant. They don't have any pasta after 9p, the waiter asked what we wanted and we asked for a minute, he never came back! 10 min later I chased him down across the restaurant and ordered. He brought out our appetizer and after we finished, he passed by 3 times and a buser 2 times. No one came to pick up the plate. The main food took forever. It's ridiculous.
Horrible service, hookah blows, cocktails are terrible and outdated... Plus they have a dress code when their own waitresses wear tie dye wife beaters.
Woah! I thought we would take a chance once more and what a disappointment. Again, we ordered our favorites, chicken curry and hot dolma (to go). One curry was ordered extra hot and the other medium. What we received was the regular curry with a douche of cayenne pepper. It was hot and only hot, no flavor. My medium curry was flavored with a long hair in it. The dolma was a huge disappointment. The leafs were not tightly wrapped, swimming in the tomato sauce with a wilted lemon and it was also flavored with hair. I hate to say it, but they have made their choice to ignore the restaurant and focus on the lounge.... so long to Paymons!!!
Two stars for the happy hour food/drink menu... But honestly the worst hookah in Las Vegas. If you don't believe me then go see for yourself. It never hit well, and even after having them change the coals, the bowl, and the base itself, the outcome was still crap (barely any smoke and minimal flavor). I hate to sound so harsh but honestly I've been here four times thinking each time that next time would be better, but I'm done trying. They need to make it so the coals aren't covered...I know there's a liability, but it really destroys the quality of the smoke and flavor when you have the cover on the coals...they're the only place I know of in Vegas that does that.  The decor is nice though :-)
We live in Las Vegas and were told men couldn't wear tank tops to smoke hookah. Eh?? We ran across 2 different servers and werent told until we were about to sit down that unless we had a shirt in the car we couldnt sit. Completely ridiculous. We just left and went to another (and better) hookah lounge. If you have dress codes it should be clearly displayed and the staff should let you know before you're about to sit down.   Definitely will not return!
Me and some of my friends went here last weekend to smoke hookah. When we got there the place was crowded as usual, was not our first time coming here. There were 4 of us and we ordered 2 hookahs to share between us. The wait for us to get our hookahs after we ordered them was forever. A good 30 min if not longer. When they finally brought them out to us they were super harsh. They weren't hitting good at all, and to the point where we were choking. We told the guy and he blew it out and it was fine for about 5 minutes and then it was super harsh again and we weren't getting any smoke. We were annoyed and were just gonna get our check and go. We waited for our check for 45 minutes before anyone even came over to check on us. We could have literally walked out without paying and nobody would have even noticed. Finally for our check and then we left. Won't be coming back here anymore.
Horrible Customer Service!  I called on Wednesday to place an order to-go. The hostess put me on hold for a while. I hanged up and called the second time and was placed on hold again for a while! I hanged up again and called the third time. When the hostess answered, she told me to hold and I told her not to put me on hold. I told her to find someone that can take my order because she was "too busy" to help me. She placed me on hold for the third time and no one ever answered the phone to take my order. I will NEVER eat and order from here again! This is the worst customer service. It takes less than 15 seconds to place an order to go. Shame on you Paymon's!!!!
What a disappointment.  Wanted to sit in the hookah lounge but of course they were only sitting people with reservations in the hookah area even though I called ahead of time to see if we would be able to sit in the hookah area. This is the second time. They did this to me. So done with these idiots. I suggest not to go here until they realize the reason they exist is the hookah lounge. The food is only so so.
The food was ok. But definitely not good enough to make up for horrible service.
Well - two stars for the food and maybe 3-4 for the service.  I just can't bring myself to give them 3 stars to even it out.   We came here because it was highly recommended to us by a friend - which I will never trust again.   The food was...not good. It was a notch below mediocre...  We started off with the combo appetizer platter - the only thing that was good was the dill sauce. Everything else was okay and somewhat bland or over-fried.   For dinner, we had -  Chicken Curry - Man, I don't know what they use in this curry other than some kind of bland curry and nutmeg. It wasn't even very spicy as I requested. It was so bad, I couldn't even finish my dish...even though I was hungry.  Also, they use precooked basmati rice...??? I don't understand any restaurant that uses precooked rice. I'm half Asian. I know when rice isn't fresh. I eat that shit every day.   Lamb, beef and chicken kabobs - same thing. That rice...oh, that rice. And the kabobs were alright. I give them 3 stars. But, they were not that pleasing to the taste buds.   I don't know. The server was good, but very oddly quiet...like we had to listen in very closely to hear what he was saying. He was prompt though.   I do not recommend this place. It's outdated and maybe it was good at one time. If so, they've taken a turn for the worst. There are many other places in town that beat out this place, hands down.
I must apologize for my harshness; however, our overall experience was worthy of a critical review.    1.  Our server recommended the most popular dish, *the green curry*, he said it was also the staff favorite; it turned out to be the most flavorless curry I'd ever tasted in my life!  My previous reviews clearly reflect a developed taste for Indian, Thai, and Japanese Curries; this was by far the most flavorless and least impressive curry (if I dare call it curry). The chicken was chewy, as in cheap quality and/or a fast boil and flavorless...wasn't cooked in a tandoori, that's for sure.    2.  My falafel were small and burnt to a crisp; however flavorful. The spanakopita that my wife ordered tasted like flavorless eggs; how can feta cheese and spinach taste bland?    3.  How does a restaurant with so many reviews and such high ratings manage to serve food like this?  You can tell that there was no love or time put into our dishes; the chicken tasted like it was prepared minutes before (Chewy as hell), the curry sat under the heat lamps (the surface of the curry sauce was wrinkled and dry) and was insanely flavorless, and my dolmas were loaded with a dry type of meat, no rice, and largely tasted like grape leaves.  -Environment on dining side was okay.  I feel like the owners were trying to hard to decorate the interior like something vaguely resembling a Mediterranean restaurant.   -Price:  totally isn't worth it.  I would be more comfortable buying some good store-bought hummus, pita, and a roasted chicken for $8.99 @ Whole Foods.   - We aren't coming back here.
I didn't want to come back here because of our last experience, but there aren't good Mediterranean Restaurants within a 10 mile perimeter of out zip code.  The waiter brought out our order (The same guy that made the terrible recommendations our last visit) with his finger in my hummus and my wife's soup was a hot soup (she ordered the cold soup).   -My hummus was just okay and the beets in my wife's salad were softer than al dente, almost jiggled like jello,  and had a metallic-medicine flavor; she didn't finish her salad.  The salad as a whole was a complete joke; a few pieces of lettuce arranged with ridiculously sized chunks of beets, fragment-sized pieces of walnuts, and totally skimped on the goat cheese.    *This will be the last time I come back.
"It was a roach. Cooked in with the coffee! "  My husband, a friend, and I went to Hedary's. My husband had been taken there by this friend of ours before, and he raved about the food.  We were all excited to go have a good meal together. The place has some good reviews, and I like middle eastern food from time to time, and have had a great deal of it over the years living in New York City.   We got there, ordered a good mix of dishes and I asked for a Turkish Coffee, one of my favorites. We were enjoying the meal, and the coffee came served in one of those Turkish coffee things. I was drinking my coffee, and I saw a coffee bean floating around in it, I thought nothing of it and grabbed a spoon to pluck it out. It was not a coffee bean. It was a roach. Cooked in with the coffee! EWWWWWW! I showed it to my husband and our friend, who was a regular there, and they were both mortified. We asked waitress to come over and I said quietly "excuse me, but I think we have a problem here" she glanced at the roach on my spoon and said "oh sorry, we can get you another coffee on the house if you like". Another Coffee on the house? If I like? Are you kidding me? I would expect them to apologize profusely, have the manager come over and offer a comped meal. Nope. Nothing.  As though it happens all the time. As I sat in shock and disbelief, and watched my friends eat their food, with extra care and attention, I looked over at the wall, and what did I see but more bugs dead on the wall!. I just wanted to run outta there. Its sad because this place is supposed to have great food, but if the staff acts like this thing happens all the time, and is all casual about something like this, who knows???!!!   The messed up thing is we told our friend the exterminator that he should give this place a call to give them a good spraying, and Hedary's turned him down! Like they didn't have a problem.  Yuk
It has taken me a long time to write this review.  This was one of my first favorite restaurant in Las Vegas when we were thinking of moving here a couple of years ago.  I had been and tried everything and loved it.  Then my wife,  our friend that introduced it to us, and I went together.  The food was great,  we're trying everything.  My wife ordered a Turkish Coffee,  she was drinking it and enjoying it.  All of sudden she got very quiet.  I asked her what was wrong.  She pointed to her coffee cup.  I looked into it,  and thought I saw a coffee bean.  I said so.  She told me to look again,  which I did.  There was a cockroach cooked in the coffee. My wife was nauseated. We called over the waitress, showed it to her, and here is the part that earned the one star, she did not even really react! She just said she will take the price of the coffee off the bill! And then we started really looking around and saw two more dead cockroaches. I am not saying she should have brought the owner out, told the chef, had him prostrate himself begging his forgiveness or anything. I am not saying she should have offered the entire meal comped.  I am saying she should have reacted a little, look at least surprised! This was and is the greatest dining disappointment I have had in Las Vegas yet. I still look for the perfect Middle Eastern restaurant here and have found a few good ones.
Was not impressed at all, food was subpar
Went here for lunch because I heard the food was great.  We started with hummus and baba ganoosh.  Both were fine, BUT we were distracted by the "chef" screaming and swearing at one of the servers.  Each of three times that she passed by the kitchen window he would stop what he was doing and just berate her.  It was awful.  My 8 year old finally said "is that guy making our food?  It is going to be sprinkled with hate".  My sentiments exactly.  We paid for our drinks and appetizers and left.  I really could not understand how the other patrons could just sit there like everything was okay.
Good news and bad news. This guy can obviously cook. That's the good news. We arrived early and the place was mostly empty. Server came to the table immediately to  take drink orders and returned several times to see if we wanted to order food. We were catching up with friends so we took our time ordering.  The apps came out in a couple of different waves for family style sharing. All was very good except for the weird pickled eggplant. Nothing on the menu indicated that it would be pickled.  After the apps were delivered we no one came back to the table. We finally flagged a waitress to order a bit more food. That was a big mistake. After taking the dinner order she didn't return to our table! We tried flagging her down, waving, lifting our empty water glasses. All ignored.   After 45 minutes I finally went after her. Stopped her in the middle of the room demanding to know why we had been ignored for so long. She said that she had to help out in the kitchen. She seemed surprised that we were complaining and acted as if her explanation should say it all.  After waiting for close to an hour the entrees came out. Chicken (their speciality) was overcooked and dry. I didn't taste the other.  When she came back to the table she offered to comp the meal (we paid) and indicated that the chef couldn't keep any help in the kitchen so they had to help out. "Everyone quits". Lovely
Two stars just because one of the kefte tasted good everything else was over salted. Service sucked too! Took 40min for my dish and not once did the waitress came to say you ok need anything or food should be coming out soon. The reason I went cause of all the positives on yelp and I was in the area. I just might have gone at a bad time but that's no excuse. There are Other much better places for middle eastern in town.
This place is like NEVER open! Are there like secret hours?
The place was empty on a weekend night when we entered. The service was very slow and cold. Hubby told me it was due to their culture, but if you're going to have a restaurant in America, WARM UP. Our server was so icy and only came to our table to bring us our food -not to check up on us. It was almost as if she just thought the food was so exceptional that she didn't need to check up on us and it was good, but not great. No drink refills and the food was average. I won't be back.
I'm sorry I have to share what's going on at Hedarys. Over the past few months you never know when there going to be open or not. The food is still great but you can't rate a place based on just the food. The service is mediocre at best and the whole experience has become very disappointing . I'm not going back anymore they have used up my patience . Try Khourys on Fort Apache it's the real deal , the complete package
Used to eat here once a week until it changed ownership. Food went from a perfect 10 to maybe a 4. The chef that yells at everyone is gone and as much as I didn't care for him, he pretty much made the place. Don't think I will head back unless word around town changes about their food.
Was quite underwhelmed to be perfectly honest. Slow service, pricier than some competition and for what? The food was just ok, no one was impressed; there are much better places to go for Mediterranean food in town. This restaurant may have been great under its previous management, but we won't be returning.
So we decided to give this place a try since we live near by. We ordered the mixed salad platter which had way too much garlic and lemon. Also ordered some shish kabob which was way overcooked and was like rubber. Leaving aggravated and unhappy I would have to say that I would not be coming back here again.
2 star for food 4 star for service  Started with the stuffed grape leaves which were ok. The flavors were good but the meat stuffing was dry.  Both my husband and I ordered a chicken dish for our entree. He had the kabob and I had the half roasted chicken. The flavors were good, especially the Lebanese rice, but unfortunately our chicken was over cooked and extremely dry.   The service was excellent and the waitress was extremely attentive.  Hopefully they would look into their cooking time and make some changes-- then maybe we will try it again.
Had never been before today.  reviews I read indicated good food and bad service.  Food was average for me after it took one hour and a half to be served from time of seating.  Service was beyond bad.  The waiter basically ignored the table once drinks were served and order was taken.  A 2 hour lunch is not acceptable.  Will not go back, too many good restaurants service wise.
The food is alright, but the wait to get the food was insane.  We waited over 2 hours.  Supposedly there was a staff shortage, but nobody told us until we had almost 2 hours invested.  You will not see me eating here again!
Have eaten here for years and always loved the food. Figured I'd stop by and grab a falafel sandwich and it was nothing like it used to be. Very sad the new owners don't have a clue. Also now way over priced. I played $13 for this with no fries used to be like $8-9 with fries and got it to go. No napkins no bag and asked twice for some hot sauce which is not the old homemade stuff they used to have that was like crack. No this is Frank's with water added....wtf. Then I asked the waiter why he didn't offer me the lunch special ( falafel plate) that was cheaper and came with hummus ? He responded oh I didn't even notice that sorry. It's alright food sucks now won't be back . I wish I would have taken a picture because compared to the picture on here of the sandwich this thing was repulsive.  Keep in mind alot of these pictures on here are from the old ownership.
This place seriously used to be amazing. I haven't been back here in about 5 years or so, and thought id give it a shot since I didn't want to drive all the way to Khourys. (I'll never be lazy again I swear!) I ordered a chicken dish that was the worst tasting meal of my life. Not one thing tasted good. The chicken was rubbery and so seasoned to the point of being repulsive. Flavorless rice and bland soup. Clearly under new ownership and no continuity. I wish I would have checked the reviews before. $20 later for just lunch for myself ( no alcohol) and I have major food regret. I'm sorry for the harsh review.
got the number 6. I was disappointed with the food. it was semi warm, it just wasnt flavorful. the hummus was decent tho.  I felt ripped off with the price, 10 bucks for this? NO THANKS. Not going back
Probably one of the worst Greek/ Mediterranean places I've been to. Very few places out here really know how to make authentic Greek/ Mediterranean food. The first time I went here I got severe food poisoning from the chicken schwarma plate, most likely due to the meat under proper temperature and the food overall was very bland and non-appetizing. It's been months since that visit and I finally went here today to give it another shot. BIG MISTAKE! I ordered an order of hummus, falafel, and a chicken schwarma. First off, the chicken schwarma was horrible. It was like taking chicken from Taco Bell, add some shriveled tomatoes and some tahini on artificial pita bread, and you've got yourself the ideal American version of this traditional wrap. They don't even know how to make a schwarma!!! The falafel was so salty and grainy...and if you've had great falafel before, you would know that Stephano's version is just crap. The hummus had NO FLAVOR whatsoever. When hummus is made, the garbanzo beans and tahini bring out such a robust flavor all on its own when made the traditional and proper way. Everything I've tried thus far is just soooo overly processed. Eating at Stephano's is like eating at the McDonald's of the Greek and Mediterranean food genre. I will never go back again. As a matter a fact, go right around the corner to kabob express on eastern and trop. Now that place is a lot more decent, freshly-made food that won't put a hole in your wallet. I swear coming from back east and Europe, people don't really know what good food is around here. Best Lebanese place I've tried thus far here in this town? Ali Baba's. hands down. * yells at Vegas. " go there! Go there!"* you will not be disappointed!! :)
I decided to try this place based on recommendations from Yelp. I wanna start off by saying that the food is good, I won't argue with that but you know what there are plenty of other places in Vegas who serves good Greek food as well as good customer service.   I wanted to try the Moussaka based on the recommendation from another Yelper, they told me they were out something about the oven out of order. Then I checked in on Yelp and the offer is free baklava. They were out of baklava too. I decided to order the Shrimp Kabab. 35 minutes later we were still waiting for our food. There were only 4 table occupied in the whole place. My husband finally checked on them and he was told that they are now making it because they ran out of rice. The food finally came out a minute later.  They have good food but that was a disappointing experience.
I ordered the gyro combo. The guy behind the counter was rude with no personality whatsoever. It came out to $9.99. The gyro was burnt, dry, and chewy almost like a beef jerky! How do you mess up a gyro?  I only took a couple of bites and I had enough! I only ate the fries which was the only good thing. I don't even want to give it one star because it was the worst gyro I've ever had. Yuck!
Awful!!!  Ordered the chicken Shawarma Gyro and hated it!  It tasted very fishy.  Don't know why but with every bite it got worse.  The gyro was also missing yummy Tzatziki sauce.  Maybe they make theirs differently but trust me it needed it.  Mine came with a tiny bit of some brown stuff, and no it wasn't hummus.    That was another thing, their hummus was um, okay nothing spectacular.  The only thing I enjoyed was their service and fries.  Not planning on returning.
This place is mediocre at best!   I deliberately and extensively researched for affordable, quality Greek food in the Las Vegas area, and I was led to believe (by reading yelp!) that Stephano's would be worth trying *** n o t ! ***  When i arrived at lunchtime, there were only two other customers in this place, which is across from the UNLV student center.  THAT should have been a warning!  I ordered my favorite dishes to go:  spanakopita (spinach pie) and hummus.  When I eagerly took the takeout bag to my car, the smell of the food teased me too much, so I gave in to my temptation to sample the food before leaving the parking lot.  I'm so glad I did, because the spanakopita (hailed as their "signature" dish) tasted awful.  it seemed as though it had been baked, then sat out for a day or so, then deed-fried, then microwaved before serving it to me. In short, what they served me was more like a Greek hockey puck than a delicious, crispy, buttery delight.     Even worse, when I returned to the store to demand a refund, the cashier laughed and told me he didn't know how to process a refund! (huh??).  He insisted I wait for the manager to return (from where, i have no idea).  Like a fool, i did wait, and wait, and wait...until I spotted a tip jar on the counter and told the cashier to just give me a cash refund from the jar, so I could be on my way.  Bottom line...there wasn't one person in this place who seemed to know what they were doing or seemed to care about what they were doing....and they even admitted that they don't even eat the food served there!  What's that all about??    Too bad I can't reduce it's yelp score to zero!
I love greek food and took my mom and aunt there, my mom has never had greek food. Decided on this place, because my favorite place (Ambrosia) closed and all the good reviews.  Food was Ok. We had the dolmas (good) falafel (good) gyro (meh) and a combo with chicken (very dry) and Kofta (burned, dry and tasteless). The Israeli salad on the combo was very good.  When we got our drinks, we noticed a slimy liquid at the bottom (overflow) of the soda machine. We hoped the top of the machine where the soda comes out was better.  It was not awful but there are a lot more places to choose from. I will not go back.
I used to order from Stephanos at least twice a week but not anymore! Last THREE times I ordered they messed up my order which is not very hard. Two gyro plates pita on the side. No salad. The nice guy that works the counter isn't there anymore and the new girl just doesn't get how to work the register or understand the menu. I'm on a search for a new Greek place!
Yeah this place sucks. I just walked in there asked if they had shwarma, the sassy lady who just walked up from the back and poorly rinsed her hands answered NO with the worst attitude. At this point things got pretty awkward so i asked my friend if she wanted to go somewhere else.  Every second after that the cashier stared at us as if i murdered her baby. She kept staring as we walked out. HELL NO. LEARN TO DO BUSINESS.
I don't get it? This place is always packed and the food is only ok. Maybe its the fact that the price is reasonable but as far as quality and authenticity, I would go elsewhere
I went today with three friends for dinner around 6 PM Sunday night. Though it seemed quite busy, I was pleased to get a seat within two minutes upon arrival. Outside seating, despite a hot Arizona summer, was pretty nice with shade. However, this is where the pleasanties end.  Our table remain neglected for approximately twenty minutes. No one bothered to offer us drinks, and it was quite irritating to see tables who arrived after us being served appetizers. When our waiter came, he did not even apologize for the wait, and we gave our orders: drinks, appetizers, and pita sandwiches.  The hummus and garlic dip came relatively quickly, only twenty minutes later. Both were alright, but something is seriously wrong if all of us were only served one pita with the two dips, and each dip was more than twice the size of the pita. We asked our waiter for extra pita, and he kindly agreed. The entire duration of dinner, it never came.  Refills were also a pain, as we would ask someone to fetch our waiter, and he wouldn't come until ten minutes later.  An hour after ordering could not possibly justify only four meager gyro sandwiches. I've been to plenty of other businesses who have made that kind of order and more in just ten minutes during a busy lunch hour. Half the tables outside already left, including tables that arrived after us, and we were the last ones served. The food was of average quality, and I've been to better with cheaper prices.  Slightly expensive, I can see as justified. But many agree that time is worth much more than money. I had an excessive amount, over an hour and a half, wasted on a decellerating Sunday night. Staff is kind of nice, but I suggest a serious change in priorities so that first time customers like myself aren't immediately turned off. I can say for certain that I'm never coming here again, and I'll find myself at better places much closer to home.
There is a level of rudeness that we encountered here at Friday lunchtime that takes the biscuit, cake and pita bread.   I was with a party from work which had checked in with  No idea what was going through her mind but to openly question if your Q Jumping, go back in to check, then have  my friend go back in to show his licence  just for the privilege of buying   lunch  here? Hey Soup Nazi was a  fictional character not a training video!   Hard to enjoy food after such BS.  That being said the server was great, the food came out fast. The food was as good as the Pita Jungle I frequent in Arrowhead  ( with the nice staff :P )  and would easily have made it to 3.5 or 4 stars.
I've been coming to this Pita Jungle off and on for a while, since I work nearby.  I can't figure out why everyone that works there is a jerk.  It seems to be only me - I see other people getting good service with a smile, but I'm always "S"-d on whenever I come here.  Today will be the last time I ever do.  Great food, but the one star is for the unconscionably rude staff.  My bro-in-law and another good friend feel the same way, too, and we're tempted to think it's because we don't look like we belong here, but that's just a shot in the dark.  Once or twice I'd forgive, but EVERY time?  F this place, seriously.
I've decided to boycott this location. Every time I dine in or take out, the food is very different.  Different portions, different tastes, always different... I frequent the Desert Ridge location, so not all is lost :-)
I've eaten here a few times just hoping to get something amazing since it has such awesome reviews and it's always busy. The food is good but not great. The service is ok, not great.
I'm so sorry to give them 2 stars! But, alas, I had to do it.  This isn't about the service (which is great) or the location (location, location). Their onions penetrate every facet of the menu.  Everything! I just can't stomach it anymore, even after visiting 3-4 times.  some of my friends even work here! Anyway, don't come here if you don't like onions or sitting one foot away from the next table.
Went out with some friends, please be advise if you plan on sitting outside make sure you have a flashlight as there are no lights outside and it is had to see or even read the menu.  The outside sitting was packed, felt like a sardine.  too many tables way too close to others.  The food was just okay, nothing great - my chicken was way dry along with the pitas which had no taste.  The cucumber saw was good along with the salad.  Had to wait a while for our waitress, not good to go if the place is busy, service not good.  Just okay.
We had some of the worst service I've ever experienced here at lunch.  It took almost 2 hours, and there were other people who came in after us, ate, and then left before we even got our food.  We had to remind our server many times for everything we asked for, and there were no apologies, no communication, and it was maddening.  Why should it take 20 minutes for a hummus plate?  It shouldn't ever take that long to simply spoon it on a plate and serve it.  The food was average at best.  The philly cheese pita had chicken and cheese and that was about it... there were literally 3 slices of green pepper and about 5 onions.  Finally, we ordered Diet Coke, and they served diet pepsi (without letting us know).  We ordered other drinks and they didn't even remove the diet pepsi from the bill.  The only reason I let the quality of food and the diet pepsi on the bill slide was because I knew it would take waaaayyyy too long to wait for a correction.  Steam coming out of my ears after that visit!
We have been to 4 of their locations (3 in Phoenix & the one in Flagstaff).  The food is great and is usually fast and consistent.  For this review, let's focus on the Scottsdale/Shea location.  They were busy, as usual, but...  We waited 8+ minutes for the server to ask if we wanted drinks because she was at the table next to us the entire time talking about her personal life with some customers.  (She grew up in South Africa with her family and I think a twin sister until she was 9 and misses it terribly...)  When we wanted a refill, my husband (after a 15 min wait with no one coming to our table) got up and went to the bartender for refills.  She said she wasn't allowed to (direct quote).  The hummus came out as a large, we asked for a small.  If you have been here before, you know it usually takes 5-8 minutes for hummus.  We waited closer to 20 and then another 15 for our meal of a beef gyro and the spicy chicken wrap.  My beef gyro came out and it was disgusting.  The meat was crusty and dry.  I couldn't eat it even though I was starving.  The server brought the manager over to talk to us.  We should have taken that opportunity to let her in on everything, but we were too hungry and frustrated at this point and potentially not thinking clearly.  She comped the humus (was not necessary, for the record) and my meal  and then disappeared.    Another 20 minutes goes by, my hubby is done eating, we still don't have refills and just want to leave.  We had to get up and go find the manager so she could run our card.  This whole lunch took WAY over an hour and I left hungry and frustrated.  We have been to this location before but never had such poor service.  We probably won't be back to this location.
This was my 5th visit to a Pita Jungle, usually predictably enjoyable.  Mediocre experience today, at best.  The staff seemed a little discombobulated today.  My wife had the peanut butter/banana smoothie ... How can you go wrong with that.  I had a side of hummus and a felafel wrap, how can you screw up hummus; however, the wrap was not good at all.  The felafel was burned, a good 1/16" of crust, they were literally black! That kind kind of ruined lunch.  Off to Whataburger now.
If it was not for the convenient location next to a movie theater, I would surely never eat here. However, since it is the only place serving food at an affordable price for a teenager at the location, you get to hear about their sodium filled sauces, above mediocre service, and bland taste. I have had just about everything vegan on their menu. The rice and lentils are bland and tasteless, their potatoes are drenched in a sodium barbecue-esque sauce, and their veggie burgers are overpriced, too large, and not very tasty.  The service is usually alright with an occasional good experience.  At happy hour their tapas are usually a good deal, and go nicely with their $2 Margaritas. I recommend them.  Otherwise, get in the car after a movie and go somewhere nice.
The worst service of any place I have ever eaten at in Scottsdale
We have been to this location many times.  When you eat in the portions are fine but when you order out they cut the size of your order and still charge the same.  Last Friday we ate there, ordered the Mahi Mahi with vegetables and the fish portion was a decent size as was the vegetables.  On Sunday, 7-29, we ordered the same meal to go and when we got home the fish portion was half the size of the one when we ate in.  The amount of humus was also decreased.   This is not the first time that has happened so if you are planning on getting and order to go make sure and look at the portions.  They seen to give less for the same price figuring that you wont see that till you get home.
Went for lunch this week and did not even eat...dozens of flies caused us to leave...place was full with people who didn't mind flies landing on their food so it must be good...
Ate here two days in a row, lunch and happy hour, and ordered the same thing both times- ribeye paco with red onions.  BOTH times they were served cold!!  Grease congealed on the plate cold! I ate them anyway, bad decision but they tasted good- not worth being sick the whole next day tho...Too bad because it is a nice place but with bad kitchen issues.
The longest wait ever, it an hour and fifteen minutes to get our food. My mom had food poisoning after. I probably won't want to go back.
My husband and I went here for a quick lunch this afternoon. Service was OK. Not bad. Not great.   We ordered the Spicy Chicken Wrap and a side of grilled veggies to split. The only good thing about the wrap was how big it was. Definitely glad we decided to split!! That's about the only positive thing I can say about the food here. The wrap was flavorless. No spice whatsoever. I also almost broke some teeth on the crunchy uncooked rice. For sure would not order this again.   But wait....this is was REALLY bothers me about this place. They claim to be "healthy." The grilled veggies we were served were SWIMMING in oil. So much so that they were uneatable. I decided to look up on my phone the nutritional information for this so called "healthy" side dish and it was an astounding 450 calories and 41 grams of fat!!! For veggies! Not worth it in my book. If I am going to consume 41 grams of fat its not going to be on cauliflower and broccoli. Sorry Pita Jungle. I am not a fan of your bland unhealthy oily food and I won't be back.
Came in with a massive group of people (18 I believe) and sat outside. The service was fantastic and very nice considering how disorganized our group was. The server himself gets 5 stars.   We ordered various apps, wraps, and salads. The food here is huge, but the pita itself is not very fresh, seems store bought.  Hummus - Very creamy, and over blended, could have used more garlic and lemon. Baba Ganoosh - Excellent, best thing on the menu Chicken wrap - Mediocre at best, nothing to write home about Chicken salad - Same as the wrap, same chicken  Overall the food was quite bland, and needed a lot more fresh herbs, garlic, and spice.
I went to this Pita J and sat at the bar.  I liked watching all of the cooks bust their butts to get the food out.  But the waiters...yelling at the cooks and not saying please and thank you!  Putting their fingers and hands in and on top of the food that they are going to serve to customers... The money tip goes to the hard working cooks and not the waiters.  Wont be going to this Pita J again...maybe one of the other Pita J's will have a better attitude towards their cooks.
Guys don't go here on Lunch hour it feels like worse then a costco on saturday. Too crowded, if you have ample time go for it. Food is same as any Pita Jungle corner. Service is messed up, ask for salmon salad or any wood fire its going to take 30 minutes and 30 minutes for waiting in line, i end up eating something that i don't want but will be fast and still wasted 1 hrs 15 minutes. I won't go back
I don't like to review chains normally but this place really pissed me off.   Boyfriend and I like eating at the one near our house and a co worker likes eating here often as well so we decided to go for what we thought was a quick lunch.  We show up and understandably they are busy...that's fine, we can deal - its lunch time. We sit outside in the sun, which was hot but ok since we are inside all day anyway. Our waitress comes by and doesn't introduce herself or even say hi. She was very monotone and seemed like she was just mad at the day. I know it happens, we all go through those moments or days, but even when I was pissed or tired as a waitress, I was pleasant because I knew this was how I was going to make my money.  So she takes our order. I order the turkey sandwich special and my friend orders the chicken with taziki (sp?). Pretty simple stuff. Well we wait....and wait....and wait...and see people get their food who sat down and ordered after us....and we wait some more. She didn't bother to come out and talk to us or give us any info, updates or apologies but only when she checked on another table did she realize that we didn't have our food yet and had gone through two drinks each already. I know things happen, when you're busy things aren't ordered....anyone in the serving business has done it, but its how you handle it after the fact that matters. Never once did we get an apology or anything!  When we finally got our food, my "toasted" sandwich was cold and the "hot" potatoes that came with it were cold as well. Unfortunately it was one of those situations where 1. I didn't want to be that customer despite the overwhelming feeling that I should be, and 2. I was too hungry and had waited FAR too long to wait any longer and we needed to get back to work.  The couple next to us as well as my friend received dirty glasses with lipstick stains and detergent on them- which again, happens but it just added fuel to the fire.   My food was only OK despite knowing that Pita Jungle can serve up way better than what they gave us this time around. I will not go back to this location but will to the one close to my house.
This place is always hit or miss but every time I order hummus the server thumbs up the pitas. His big dirty thumb right on top of all the pita breads. You see the guy coming in and out of the front door a hundred times an hour thats ben touched by every person in the restaurant. Just seems like a good way to cross contaminate the food during flu season... Is it me or does the salad always have slimy greens and crappy tomatoes. Suggestion tell your servers to keep their dirty paws out of my food...
I used to get take out from here 2-3 times per month, then a few months ago I felt there was a terrible combination of increased prices and lower quality.  I always thought of Pita Jungle as an inexpensive option, I could grab take out for the two of us for low-$20's, then I realized I was paying $35 +/- and multiple times getting home to find something wrong with our order.  Maybe it's my mentality:  once I'm used to paying a certain amount for a restaurant, that becomes its value, and in my opinion the large increase made the price here beyond their value.
As a person who eats vegetarian food at home and out in the world, I had received many recommendations to try Pita Jungle by the time I actually sat down to have a meal at what I imagine Applebee's would be like, if it were based in Beirut.  Off to an awkward start from the words "Pita" and "Jungle." What image is that supposed to conjure up exactly? The menu seems to be grounded in Middle Eastern food (Pita) and is simultaneously out-of-the-box, unpredictable, kooky (JUNGLE!). For the three of us who dined here, they missed both of these targets.  Pita Jungle has some Middle Eastern basics, even going as far as offering a fettoush salad, which I appreciate. But the food lacked the freshness and lusciousness of real Middle Eastern food. Half a plate of tasteless-but-fresh-looking veggies, without a drop of olive oil, lemon juice or vinegar in sight. For anyone who has traveled to the Middle East, or whose family comes from there and knows home cooked food of these styles, I think you'll be underwhelmed by the flavors of these look-alike dishes.  The "jungle" part of this menu is just unappetizing. Looking for Chipotle Chicken Lavosh Pizza? Of course not. No one is. Well, maybe Guy Fieri.  If you're looking for no frills, healthy-ish and affordable food I think Pita Jungle is probably a safe and consistent bet, especially in Scottsdale.  I'll take my chances with the salad bar at Whole Foods instead. At least they know how and when to use salt.
Worst falafel sandwich ever and I have had plenty. This was was grainy, burnt and had no taste whatsever. They put so much lettuce and some of the worst vegetables known to mankind in this hellhole of sandwich. The pickle had a tale, the onions were from the end of the onion and the lettuce was brown. THIS WAS DISGUSTING. One arrogant staff member gave me an annoying fake smile, she looked like a manager type. This is what happens when you open up up fifty restaurants, you lose the quality, but in this case I'm sure that there was no quality in the first place. It figures that this place is in the same shopping center as Amy's Kitchen. Seven more bucks down the drain.  UPDATE: Management was nice enough to contact me and apologize and they also gave me a $25 gift card. I will give them another try. Thanks to Kevin.
I could not be more sad about my second time to Pita Jungle.  The one in Tucson was great.  This one is ridiculously busy, which isn't a bad thing, I just don't think they are staffed to handle it.  Still waiting for my order I called in well over and hour ago, it's been a half hour wait so far..... And it's only for 4 people!!  I have an appointment that I am now 15 minutes late for and counting.  Heard a few of the waitresses complaining  about how busy they are and don't have a hostess.  Slightly unprofessional but no biggie.    I'm sure the food is great!  I'll update maybe when I actually get it! :/  I'd suggest a different location, coming on an off time or something.  Oh and just a note to the guy who "helped" me.... "Sorry, we're crazy busy" isn't something I want to hear!  I can see that, not my problem!  Next time just tell me you won't be able to get my order done on time on the front end!  Update: The food WAS tasty, I'll give them that!   However, they forgot a side of chicken, one dish had two different types of hummus and was only supposed to have one, and one dish which was supposed to have extra chicken didn't.  Went back in and Marnie was very friendly and helpful in refunding my money. She was polite, professional, and apologetic. Someone should thank her because she is the only reason I'll give any type of catering from here another shot.
Terrible!  There are way better restaurants in this area . .  . go try something new!  This place is old, tired and the food is not that good or healthy, (like people think it is) Pretty average. . .
I decided to check this place out a few weeks ago considering I heard so much talk about how this is the mother of all middle eastern markets in phoenix.  To be quite honest, I had much higher expectations- considering Ive visited middle eastern markets in other large cities across the U.S. They are stocked up on just about all the middle eastern staples like dried nuts, beans, couscous, pickled lemons and various spices.  At the mini restaurant in the market I tried the shawarma- the thing is if you cant get a proper shawarma down right then lets not go any further.  It was okay, nothing spectacular or I'd drive out of my way to eat. I guess if your in the area and need some middle eastern staples pass by.
I was excited to try this after my friend told me what great reviews it had on yelp.  I was not overly impressed.  The employees were kind and helpful.  I ordered a falafel sandwhich, stuffed grape leaves and babaganouj.  I did not care for the falafel as it had a cinnamon type flavoring in it.  I have eaten lots of falafel and this is the only one I have ever had that I didn't really care for.  The stuffed grape leaves were edible but tasted exactly like the ones I get out of a jar from Trader Joes.  The babaganouj was DELICIOUS though.   If you go I highly recommend you order this eggplant dip.  Yum!
We no longer buy our meat from this place because the quality of service and product has been going down and down over the last year or so. After having to throw away the ground beef for the second time, we finally made the switch to I-Mart for all our meat related purchases. When we would ask for extra lean ground beef, we would have to pay an astronomically high price AND it was still not extra lean. It was full of fat and seems like they were mixing in lamb with it too because it stank like hell.   I was getting tired of being badly treated by the butchers who conveniently went deaf when we would ask for something (not in Arabic) but would be completely on their toes helping whoever spoke in Arabic exclusively with them. One time when I asked for a woman to repeat herself behind the counter, she literally stared and me for a few seconds and moved over and started helping someone else. I guess we are not good enough for them to help over there.   We still like the Al-Hana restaurant and they do offer some good spices that we will go in and purchase but we will no longer be using their meat counter.
Moderately good food. Less than I expected. Cash needed
I want to start saying that I'm new to Phoenix and I searched online and I decide to visit this place and my remarks about this place as the following:  Restaurant: I have tried both beef and chicken shawarma; i didn't like the taste of their chicken shawarma so I wanted to try their beef shawarma; this is what I have to tell about their beef shawarma;  They use the cheapest quality! Why??? Okay, here is why, I don't know if other people experience that, there is a lot of intramuscular fat in the meat which indicate that the animal stopped growing and they are putting way more fat in their body than what they need to. The more fat is collected in the muscle is going to be harder to trim, therefore the price of that meat is going to be cheaper because of the excess fat in the muscle tissues. This was the reason why I stopped buying that sandwich.
I recently bought chicken from the restaurant for takeout and to my surprise when i opened it at home it was dry like a rock, filled with olive oil as if they are passing it as fresh chicken, we threw it away,  even my dog wouldn't eat it.  They were selling it as a whole chicken, cut up and I kind of suspected something when I noticed the cook was picking the chicken from some covered place and didn't see a whole chicken cut up in front of me!  Left over chicken from the day before should never be sold to customers and pass it as fresh chicken, they should be glad I didn't drive back and throw the chicken in their face. I would never buy there again and I hope the health department looks into their practice. If you don't have fresh chicken to sell customers, just say that! Don't sell me something old, you won't feed to your own family, you just lost a long time customer!
First Visit Expierienc  4 star on variety of items on the shelves  1 star on the beef shwarma in the restaurant-chewy, fatty, dry, tasteless little scorched pieces of meat on top of rice--Enough said!!  Go shopping but skip the restaurant.
I stopped here after Lunch for some Baklava.......well........ That was by far the WORST Baklava I've ever eaten.  I was so disappointed, after reading the reviews I was expecting something that would knock my socks off.  I ordered 1 piece of walnut and 1 piece of pistachio. They looked perfect (see pics)   Boy are looks deceiving, I bit into soaking sticky wet Goosh, it was so soggy and stale at the same time, I literally spit it out along with the next bite of the pistachio piece, both not worthy of swallowing, it was that bad!  I guess I'm spoiled, nobody makes Baklava better than my Mom or my Gramps, I need to make a trip home.  1 star for their Baklava, I'll have to go back to rate the food,maybe.
Sorry fellow Yelpers, but I went yesterday and I just did not experience what you all did.  The atmosphere was a quaint little locally owned place with a bakery/grocery attached and lively music which I loved-GREAT change of place from all the corporate and bland white bread places in the Valley. The food however....ehhhhh...not so much. I consider myself and afficando of Greek/Mediterranean/Persian food and have been on the hunt since moving to Phoenix from Chicago and we pretty dissapointed eating here.  Nothing was bad...but nothing was great either.  The Masa we ordered lacked flavor as the cheese was mozzerella and the olives just black, not even kalamata or anything.  The fattoush deluxe was heavy on the chicken and light on the salad (great for the big meat eaters out there) but it was simply too much chicken that was just average and a bit dry.  The fattoush was dressed in a homemade dressing that would have been very good had they not doused the salad in it-way to heavy handed for what is supposed to be a light/refereshing salad. The greek fries were disappointing to say the least....frozen fries straight out of the bag and into the deep fryer.  True greek fries should be handcut and a bit thicker to hold onto their feta counterpart- they also tasted a bit bland as they lacked any oregano. The chicken kabob pita was also "just there" nothing to send back to the kitchen but certainly nothing to come back for.  I was let down Yelpers, send me some place where the guy in the kitchen is called Dimitri, Costantinos or George, not Manuel.
I am glad that they carry halal meats and serve halal food. Other then that, the food did not have much flavor. The service was slow not because of the lone waiter working the tables but the slowest kitchen staff that I have ever seen. When leaving we ordered some Baklava to go and it is the worst Baklava that I have ever eaten. ewww.... Do they even know how to make Baklava? I think not and on top of that they charge exorbitant prices for it. What a rip off. The food is very very bland. Good for people who don't like spicy foods.   We ordered the Pita Boat and they were both okay. Overall we ended up paying around $30 for 2 adults and 1 kid plus 3 pieces of the awful baklava. I am going to give this place one more try. If the results are the same, will not be visiting it again.
I didn't expect to write this kind of review, the ratings all made me think I was in for a good meal.  It wasn't bad, but I have to say I have had far better.  The food was bland. I had the chicken schwarma (forgive spelling errors :) plate, falafel, and greek salad.  The greek salad was good, better than the rest of the food, but $7 (too expensive in my opinion).  The places that come to mind that I think are far better are Greek wraps, king gyro, the greek corner, shish kabob house, even some of the food at pita jungle beats the meal we had here.  I wasn't impressed with the bakava either. I can't say I will go back, I just wasn't impressed at all.  I do have to say though, the server was nice, it was clean... Nothing "wrong" with it, but the food.
I was very hesitant to try this place as my grandparents are actually Greek and restaurants disappoint me. The chicken gyro was delicious and worth the price, but the Greek fries were bitter, soggy, and awful! I recommend getting regular french fries, which is a shame since feta cheese is delicious and paired nicely with fries. It's not with it to eat the sauce unless you REALLY like soggy fries.   Service was fine, they hire collage students or high schoolers, i couldn't tell but they were certainly young. It was understandable that my waitress wasn't attentive, because it was a busy time of lunch. However, if the service is always like that, I wouldn't recommend this place. Food is worth the trip though.
This place loses out due to poor customer service, which is a shame, because the food is good.  it didn't used to always be this way.  It used to be good food with a friendly, attentive staff, but then they changed management.   Our first experience with the new management and staff wasn't great.  Service was slow, but we figured they must be busy so we let it slide.  Then we bought stuff from the market.  They have two registers side-by-side--one for the market purchases and one for the restaurant bills. We went to the restaurant register so we could pay for our market purchases along with our meal.  First of all, we got ignored and had several customers taken before us, despite the fact that we were there first.  When they finally decided to acknowledge us, they told us we couldn't pay at that register since we had a market purchase.  Rather than just sliding over to the next register and taking care of the purchase there, they made us wait in line again.  Finally we checked out...and were overcharged.  We didn't realize this until we got home and by then it wasn't worth going back.   We decided to give them another chance and went back a few weeks later.  This time the service was even more slow. 15 minutes passed before we even got our water.  45 minutes later our food still hadn't arrived.  The waitress kept speeding by our table and ignoring us.  We snarfed our food down fast when it finally got there since we had to get back, and went to pay.  Long wait again as we got ignored for other customers who came after us, and then they overcharged us.  Again.  Fortunately we caught it this time.  They hastily made the correction, without so much as an apology.  Rather, they acted annoyed that we were holding them up.  How about getting it right the first time if you don't want to do it again?   So that was it.  I don't think we'll be going back.  It's really a shame, because the food is  delicious and this used to be one of our favorite places.  It's just a shame that the new staff sucks.  I can get good food elsewhere and not be treated like garbage and overcharged.
Love the food but similar places like oliveo grill are way cheaper and Med fresh are way more tastier! The service is friendly but what gets to me here is the owner/men at counter up front- they aren't friendly at all & don't ever smile or greet you!   And this is really cheap, They have offers on yelp & when i click to use it, the guy at the front says NOO u can't use it! Why have offers and entice customers to come to the place and then say no to them after they are in! Marketing ploy?! Well it's not like I m gonna leave now bcs of that, will I? Hence the stars or STAR!
One of those places you typically drive by and wonder, "wonder if that's any good?" Located right next to the blue and white mosque off Forest Avenue near ASU, Phoenicia gives you that feeling of eating off the beaten path. A co-worker of mine and I went on lunch, while we found a seat, the service was pretty slow. I ordered a plate of hummus (because I could down a tub of it in one sitting) and needless to say I was pretty disappointed. The hummus was not overly flavored - boring and bland. We split a falafel plate - consisting of 2 falafel pitas and rice. It was pretty good. Not spectacular, but decent. We also ordered some baklava to go - the traditional flavor was best, I don't recommend the chocolate one, too slimy.
Owners are not friendly at all. the food is ok but haji babas is much better and the prices are MUCH better. The Phoenicia is way too overpriced just for the convenience of being close to asu. ridiculous
The food was good, but I took issue with the manager's treatment of me as a customer.  I checked in via the Yelp app, which had an offer of buy one sandwich get one 50% off.  The waitress checked that it would be accepted and I ordered accordingly.  When it came to pay, the manager said they hadn't accepted that coupon for a year and blamed Yelp for not updating their system.  I wouldn't readily go back to a place that doesn't serve their customers in a more friendly way, especially since I was given the impression up front that the coupon would have been accepted.
I've come here since I was a child, but mostly because it's right next to the mosque and out of habit. Food is generally good but sometimes lacking in freshness. Service can be very trying, with a higher-than-expected pricing on top.
Food is decent but they cheat you on the pricing. Do not expect to pay what the website states, esp for catering. Some idiot at the Gilbert location mumbles something about updating the website, yada, yada. This place is not ready for prime time. I'll go elsewhere.
03/06/10  I rarely find myself in this part of Phoenix, so when I knew I was going to be in the area, I had two places in mind for a late lunch.  I was hoping to dine at Bobby Q, but I found the prices a bit too steep to dine alone, so I headed here.  Found the menu uninteresting that day, perhaps bec. I was looking forward to good bbq fare, but I finally settled on the basics- hummus and falafel.  For those who care, the falafel were fried in soybean oil.  (Most places I've inquired at use corn, and sometimes peanut, oil.)  The platter looked very appetizing, but don't be fooled!  The hummus was very bland, and the falafel pieces weren't that great, either.  I had to ask for lemon to get some flavor out of the falafel, and the hummus' saving grace was that it lent the falafel some lubrication.  The pita bread was probably the best thing out of the whole meal, and that's not saying much.  Afterwards, I checked out the bakery next door for some expensive baklava.  I chose three varieties, and I found them all too heavy on soggy phyllo and lacking in honey.    $13 for terrible baklava and $7 (or more) on less than mediocre hummus and falafel made for such a disappointing adventure that day.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.  Not even to anyone that didn't like me.  (But then again, I'd never do that, anyway.)
Where are you?!?! We went to eat there and the restaurant was gone!
Oh my.  The solidly 4 star reviews directed me to not miss out on this authentic Middle Eastern eatery in my neighborhood so with happy anticipation we sashayed into the place named Fattoush; but it wasn't the restaurant I read about below in the glowing reviews. I totally missed out on this fabulous Fattoush experience. I wanted to go to the place you all visited, badly!  It's making me not want to review things. I look mean or snobby, but I'm really not. Let me share the experience with you. We were alone, except for a relative eating his dinner. The lady asked if we wanted take out, but we wanted to eat in, She seemed surprised and disappointed. She took her time getting the menu's and she took 15 going on 20 minutes to deliver two green ice tea's. I'm not kidding~ I watched the Iraqi shaped wood clock pass the time while she chatted on her cell phone. I watched her back mostly. She paced back and forth from the man enjoying his dinner and the behind the counter area.  I'm thinking we should at least have drinks and soup by now. Sigh. Was she brewing the ice tea... from scratch? The iced tea came warm and the soup came cold. There weren't any solids in the soup it was green lentil broth. Would have tasted great if it was warm and had lentils. The soup bowl was nuked. I could tell because my chipped bowl was hot, like in a typical poor microwave situation. We were abandoned by the server, no ability to send it back, she was busy on the phone. She wasn't taking orders on it, it was a personal call. A long personal call. We ordered the King combo dinner for two. Might as well sample a lot of things to be fair. We got to sample very over cooked and dried out meats. re-heated rice that clumped, curdled yogurt, tabouili without bulgher,vinegary dolmades, greasy spinach pies, crusty falafal, mediocre hummus and burnt babaganoosh with a huge pool of oil in it. Flies buzzed over our meal and I shook my head. This whole platter was pre made and microwaved and it wasn't good. Not one item was worth a positive review. Swishing the flies away, I was regretting the visit. We had empty tea glasses and wanted to get more drink, but the lady was now talking with a woman who walked in and wanted to give them some figs. From her yard or something. I don't know.. it was, "Let's not Pay any Attention to the Customers Time" I think.  Re heated poor foods, coupled with inattentive service sealed Fattoushes review. We were ready to pay and leave. My partner is questioning my judgment on these yelp approved places. We keep trying them and getting bitterly disappointed.  We went up to the counter to pay as we didn't want to wait longer for a bill to be presented. The lady said "I hope you liked it!" She seemed to want me to be happy, but I'm sorry. I made a small polite smile and left a small tip.I don't think this place is worth returning to.
I was displeased with the quality of the food. The lentil soup was unusual tasting, the hummus, babaganoush, grape leaves and spinach pie were mediocre in taste. The prices are very cheap. The mango juice was very good though
Had such high expectations after reading the reviews! The food is mediocre at best and out of a can at worst.   I had the mixed vegetarian plate (my standard to get an idea of the food at any new middle eastern place) and C got the gyro sandwich. The grape leaves were absolutely out of a can (and microwaved to the point of scalding) and I'm guessing the same applies for the hummus and baba. Gyro meat was not fresh sliced off of a spit - it was totally uniform slices, all the same exact shape that had probably been microwaved. Clearly out of a package and not of the spit. The falafal was ok but not seasoned well enough.   If you're looking for authentic mid eastern fare - find another place to eat.
I must admit that I have already begun to lose faith in quite a few reviews that I've read on Yelp.  Please let me assure you that of all the reviews I read, I should have completely ignored the 4 & 5 star reviews and trusted some of the more knowledgeable but unfortunately negative reviews.  If you've eaten at some of the great mediterranean/middle eastern restaurants in the valley (I'm thinking of one unnamed delicious place in Tempe in particular), trust me this is nothing like them.  I took my wife here for lunch because of the solid 4 star rating, ignored the mild seediness of the location and ordered the gyro plate while she ordered the chicken kabob sandwich.  The waitress looked at me with a perplexed appearance so I finally asked her if there was something wrong with my order.  "We are out of gyro meat but someone will be back from the market with it if you will wait"..... So I ordered a beef schawerma sandwich instead.  Why would I wait for someone to bring back gyro meat to warm up - what happened to a spit of beef and lamb roasting on a rotisserie?  After a reasonably moderate wait we get lentil soup which was not horrible and a plate of lettuce sitting in a pool of oily dressing.  The hummus was pretty darn good - bread fine just like if I bought it at a market...not warmed but fine.  Our sandwiches each contained pretty dry, unremarkable meat - again not inedible but far from what I'm used to.  My drink was an overpriced can of soda and the whole deal was several dollars more than a wonderful meal elsewhere...complete waste.  Just because a restaurant is family owned non-franchise does not make it good or a reasonable value - sorry.
After having dined here before & given it 4 Stars, I raved it up to Norm R., Robyn N. & MIke C. who joined me for lunch here today.  Well, this place was a disappointment today.  Each of us ordered the same thing, the "Mixed Grill", a platter that was supposed to come with Gyros, Chicken Kabab, Kafta Kabab, rice, babaganoush, hummus, and pita bread.  *  After a little while our platters showed up, missing the Gyros!     :-(  *  After some back and forth, we were served the two strips each of Gyros, but it was very greasy.  We shouldn't have had to ask for it either, let alone beg!     :-(  *  I tried to order a bowl of their renouned Lentil Soup, but they didn't have any.     :-(  *  On top of everything else, this plate was expensive, at $12.49.     :-|  Ugh.  I doubt I'll be returning to this one, especially since we have excellent alternatives such as Al-Hana.     :-)
Had lunch here with Robyn,Rand,and Norm .We all ordered the mixed grill platter wich consists of chicken kabab,kafta and gyro slices.when the food arrived it was missing the gyro slices and after short argument over the gyro slices they decided to give them to us(they are on the menu and on the picture on the sandwich board out front) there should have been no question about it,its not something new to the menu.Anyway they were really greasy and not that good anyway.I did like the kafta it was very good as well as the rice. The chicken kabab was ok and the pita bread and hummas was good I also liked the garlic sauce.So I ask myself , would I return , well the answer is no. So 2 stars for Fattoush.
I know my middle eastern food. I eat and sleep Kabobs! Being indian with a middle eastern background and culture.   The food sucks. No I don't own a restaurant. I love my food.  Slow service, bad food, poor food prepping.  I didnt get sick but the food was not tasty at all
I have never really enjoyed Cafe Istanbul. From the attitude from the staff (catch them on a bad day and they're downright rude) to how insanely difficult it can be to even get new coals, I'd just rather go somewhere else with my friends.
Disappointed! I must have caught this place on an off day, I am willing to try it again maybe at the hookah lounge during the evening. The falafel pita was good and the my dining partner enjoyed the gyro. We had ordered the garlic dip to start and we were immensely disappointed. It literally tasted like garlic mayonnaise. While I know some garlic dip is made this way, I was a expecting fresh, lemony potato or bread based garlic dip. Needless to say we hardly touched it, I wish they would have specified this in the menu so that I would have saved my money for the hummus.
After a long day of busting my ass I wanted to find a place where I can unwind by indulging my taste buds. I have a few spots near Tempe that are trustworthy when it comes to fulfilling my desires, but its always better to expand your circle of friends. I decided to do just that.  Mexican food, pizza, burgers are all great, but sometimes you just want something that's not run of the mill. I wanted gyros, but like I said I wanted to try something new because I've been to Haji Baba far too many times and Phoenicia is a bit too pricey for me.  A gyro sandwich plus fries for $5.99 sounded like a really good deal...except that the gyro was very sub par. I was expecting something that was sliced fresh off the rotisserie, and instead got what seemed to be frozen meat cooked on a grill. If I wanted that stuff, I could have made it at home. Thanks for the offer, but I don't think I will be coming here again.  The food wasn't completely inedible, and the service was certainly pretty good. That's probably the only reason I gave it a 2 star rating. I'm not into hookah, and I don't mind the smell, but it didn't add to the experience. Although, if for some ridiculous reason I did want to smoke hookah, this place seemed pretty cool because it looks like they are the hookah kings of Tempe, never seen that many hookahs in my life.  I don't think I will be returning here. Probably better off trying Haji Baba or Phoenica.
I don't think they should be calling this place Istanbul Cafe, there is nothing Turkish about it! The name is so deceiving...
The service was not good. Four people in the store and we stood there for 10 minutes until I The website is out of date with prices and portions
This place was not good. I dont understand how it has so many good reviews.  I had the veggie platter/combo that comes with all the dips like hummus, tabbouli, etc plus some falafel an dolmades.   The pita was not good - just the flat cheap they buy.  I miss the doughy round pita freshly baked in brick ovens. My fiance's mousaka was disgusting, served almost like a soup.
I used to work here. It is the worst priced/managed hookah lounge I have ever been to. Do you know their employees make 4.75 plus tips? So usually they make less than minimum wage??? The hookahs haven't been changed in years, the management won't change them, this place isn't going anywhere.
I had heard that this place has the best falafel in the valley, so, naturally, I had to check it out. I had recently discovered The Greeks Grill and their amazing falafel, and I had to see if this place could one-up them.   I was beyond excited for the falafel, but when I walked in, I already knew I was in for a letdown. The service was bad from the start; curt, unhelpful, disinterested. We ordered the baba ganoush, which was alright. Nothing special, but we were hungry. The falafel came and I eagerly took a bite, only to have to force the bite down with water. The falafel was bland and not well prepared (resemblant of mush), and they overcompensated with the hummus and pickles to try to make up for the flavor.   Now, I'm sure they prepare some of their food well, given the amount of positive reviews they have from other Yelpers, but I will never be heading back there.  Needless to say, we left and got some yummy food to cleanse our taste buds. Definitely sticking with The Greeks Grill for all further falafel excursions.
It wasn't for me. I generally like middle eastern food.  I got the sampler to go ; babaganesh, falafel, taheni, humus with pita. Everything was very bland. The pita and falafel were chewy. I ended up throwing most of it out.
This is a dive located in a strip mall.   There were two of us, so we decided to split the "Healthy Eater" (two chicken dishes with two vegetable dishes). It came with injera. We ordered cabbage and mushrooms as our veggie dishes.   Injera was good, nothing special. The chicken was very dry. The waiter said they were out of three popular items (lamb shank, a chicken dish and a beef dish).   We received the cabbage, but our mushrooms did not arrive. Instead, we were given a different veggie dish which was so-so. I asked if he could bring us the mushrooms. Instead, he brought the check which was discounted. I think there was a language miscommunication. Oh well. Food was ok. I probably won't eat here again, unfortunately.
How this place gets any more than one star is beyond me.   The first concern is the appetizers (falafel, hummus, baba ghanousj) are the furthest thing from Ethiopian.  If I wanted Middle Eastern food I would go to Pita Jungle.   The main courses are like "pseudo-Ethiopian".  The meal descriptions are like written in a way you'd trick a child into eating something a little weird.  And no "doro wat" on the menu !  That's like a Thai restaurant not having "Pad Thai". The main dish Americans eat.   The food. Bland and boring.   Don't bother going.
Sababa is a kosher mediterranean restaurant; appropriately, it offers minimal flavor and maximal hand washing facilities.
Note: This review is based on a visit that happened some time ago, before I was active on Yelp.  So although this is not based on a recent experience, it was still an experience that made me not want to give this place a second chance.  A friend and I visited this place in hopes of trying some good food we've never had before.  We're open to try just about anything.  Unfortunately during our visit, we were never really given the chance to try their food.  Upon entering we see a menu with lots of food items that we had never been introduced to at that time.  We let people go ahead of us in line to give ourselves a chance to scan the menu for things we wanted to try.  After a making our decisions we stepped forward and placed our orders.    At least, we think we did.  We looked at one of the workers in the eyes and told him what we wanted, and he acknowledged us; maybe not the food we ordered, but he acknowledged the fact that we were talking to him.  My friend and I shrug and continue moving forward in the line and get ready to pay.  Now for some reason, we became completely invisible to the employees.  We tried to see how much our meal was, tell them what we ordered, etc.  We were flat out ignored while the people in front of and behind us continued with their business, ordering food and then paying for it.  The two of us stood around confused and tried to get someone's attention to confirm that our order had been placed.  No such luck.    After getting frustrated with the customer service, a customer comes up to my friend and asks if his drink contains milk (we had stopped by It's A Grind and he had a frozen coffee drink).  We confirmed that milk was an ingredient, and the customer asked us to leave and finish the drink outside due to the restaurant being a kosher establishment.  Having spent the time waiting in line, ordering, waiting to pay, being completely ignored and then being asked to leave by another customer, my friend and I left out of frustration.  This is the only time I've left an establishment frustrated and disappointed without even experiencing the services/food that they offer.
I had a pretty strange experience at Sababa.  A friend and I arrived around 2pm, so it was after the lunch crowd was gone.  There was one woman eating on a table and there was just one guy running the place (at least that was visible) and he was in front of the counter.  He was a nice guy and gave us each a sample falafel to try.  It was good and we ordered our food.  The food was mediocre and I was really surprised to see that my part of the bill was $17!  I found the place to be overpriced and a little on the bland side.  It made me a little nervous that there was only one guy there and he was taking orders, preparing the food AND handling cash.  I just got a weird vibe from the place in general.
Did they change their falafel recipe here?  I think they did.  I just had lunch here and it was really "meh".  $16 for a shawarma (which after cutting the off the spit still needed to be grilled for an additional 5 minutes) and falafel platter.  Pita was really tough too.  Forget it.  I'm done.  Guess its time to check out Mad Pita!
Ate last night and was greeted by an abrupt and annoying middle eastern man that seemed to mean well, but wouldn't leave me alone as a studied the vast selection of dishes.  If I had to guess, he's probably Israeli, and these people have an abrupt way about them -fine, no prob. I eventually just told them what I was looking for, and they suggested some sort of chicken plate.  I also had a snapple, and given this is basically a falafel stand, I was pretty surprised to be charged $22 for what I had ordered.   Given the food was mediocre AT BEST, and given it was served in a foam container in a fast food enviroment, I was dissapointed on the value front.  I've had WAY better middle eastern food at a fraction of the cost whether it be Lebanese, Persion or Afgan.. Anyway, the part that really ruined the meal for me what fact that the other very kind (non-middle eastern) gentlemen who served me actually handled my pita with his bare hands, and he had two old, worn dirty band-aids on each of his thumbs which certainly came in contact wtih my food.  Absolutely disgusting, and totally lacking in any sort of basic food-service hygene.   The original guy was so annoying I didn't even bother bringing up the issue, I just tossed the pita bread in the trash when I got home and wondered how much food this guy touches with his dirty band-aid hands. All in all, $22 for a crap experience.
One word. SALTY! They seriously  need to watch the amount of salt they put in their food.  I ordered the shawarma in pita and I've never had such a salty meal before. I've lived in the middle-east (Bahrain) my entire life and shawarma's don't taste this salty or are so over priced in that part of the world.  If you're looking for authentic its definitely not here.
I have to give this a low rating, The owner Has another Restaurant in Mass. and is doing alright, Partly because he has the quick to the Strip locations, and yes Religios Jews DO come to Conventions....but, The Shwarma is put on his Greasy Black Griill, and he is almost as goos as Copperfield with his Magic, we had a party of 6 with 2 kid's, he will tell you he gonna make you a little this a little that and some Pita and Salad, with canned soda we were presented with a 180.00$ check!!, all but the couple that knew him from Boston got HOT, we actually got him down to 140.00 bucks, but c'mon...God is watching ALL of us Romy!!
Over priced and no flavor in anything that I ordered. Once you step in the door they swarm you and pressure you to order. I spent 50$ for lunch! 2 chicken plates and side of hummus! One of the worst places in Vegas! By far...
They charge $20 for delivery on top of whatever your food cost. I live 3 miles away. ripoff
I was impressed with the food. It was great quality. I was not impressed with being charged more than told when ordering. They tell you to sit down, and then they bill you later after you have eaten. The crystal geyser water for 11 cents at Costco is $1.95 a bottle. Pretty crazy. The highlight of this visit was the friendly service. Prepare to be over-charged
When my girlfriend and I first walked in, there was nobody behind the counter, but three people were sitting at tables. One was (I assume) a customer, though he had no food. The other two people were employees. After about 20 seconds of wondering what to do and a few weird looks from them, one of them stood up and went behind the counter to help us.  As we decided on our selections, the guy behind the counter gave us two pieces of falafel to try with the hummus. It was delicious! It was also the only positive thing about this experience.  We decided to try the falafel sandwich meal that is advertised on the outside of the building. The man behind the counter grabs two pitas and slices them with a blade. He then tucks it in nicely to make a pocket for the ingredients, all of this with his BARE HANDS. My girlfriend and I looked at each other with the same realization: he never washed them from sitting at the table in the lobby on his cell phone. When I asked for hummus in my sandwich, he rudely stated that it came with it. Okay, not a great first impression. But maybe he was having a bad day, I thought. He proceeded to add ingredients to my sandwich that I did not want, and he did not ask me, though he did ask my girlfriend. Weird. He then literally threw our sandwiches in a bag, slammed the bag on the counter in front of us, gave us two drinks, and gave me the total. About $17.   While hesitant at the thought of his unwashed hands making our sandwiches, I asked if he took American Express because it wasn't on the list of accepted cards near the register. He gave me a loud, rude "yes" right in my face that actually took me aback. He then flicked my card on the counter and threw the pen for me to sign. I don't know what was going on, but it was very weird, angry, unwelcoming vibes coming from that place. Never again.
The prices are high for the food they serve here. Clerk was kind of pushy and not that nice
The food here is okay but the owner/cashier/cook/busser/host is extremely ride and has no idea what service or sanitation is at all! After touching the register he begins to hand toss the salad with his unwashed hands.... Not only over price but not clean either!
I just moved here from israel and was missing some shawarma. let me tell you how disappointed I turned out being. I really feel like this place should get an F for being so dirty. the same guy that just cleaned the table went to go make me salad without washing his hands or wearing gloves! Yuccccck! Plus the menu prices and the price he charged me were totally off! Shame to call this kosher and Israeli food
Went to Ali Baba last night and that visit will most likely be my last.  The food was great, some of the best I've found in Las Vegas.  The service, on the other hand, was bad enough to offset the good food and make me want to never come back.  When I entered the restaurant I stood at the front for five minutes while the owner/manager did 'other things' and didn't even greet me.  Finally I said "two please" and he very slowly grabbed two menus and found a table for me.  The huge restaurant only had two tables occupied, but it still seemed like the host/manager/owner was having difficulty finding a table for me.    As far as food, i ordered a tabbouleh salad, kibbeh nayeh, and chicken shawarma dinner.  I have no complaints about the food, it was quite good in fact.  When we finished eating it took one hour from the time we told the waiter we were "all set" to get the check and process our payment.  Other than my table, there was only one other table occupied in the entire restaurant at this time, so its not like they were overwhelmed with business.  Overall very strange service, as neither of the two employees that I saw in the restaurant seemed to enthused to satisfy their customers.  Again...food was good...service was terrible.  I will not be returning to Ali Baba.
Visited this place because of the restuarant.com coupon my brother had.   I printed one myself not knowing we already had one for our group. Needless to say I still have my coupon. Dont really want to go again even with a 25 dollar gift certificate.   The food is ok at best, I found stuff half the price and way better in flavor, texture and quality.   The shwarna didnt tatse like it came from the tradition spit, I could of fried my own beef/lamb at home way better.   The chicken was moist but bland.   Damn I miss Zankou chicken..
My experience at this restaurant was horrible. The food tasted bad and didn't come as it was listed on the menu. The roasted chicken was supposed to come with potatoes, but didn't. I can't eat gluten and I made sure when ordering that I wasn't ordering any bread or wheat, yet my order still came out in sandwich form (so special diets stay away). The bill was also a surprise as all prices listed in the menu came out double on the bill. When we tried to correct any of these mistakes the waiter and management simply insisted that everything was correct.
So, I used to go pick up hummos and tabbouleh at the Mediterranean grocery that was across the parking lot from Ali Baba.  Stopped by on Monday to find out it was CLOSED!!!  So sad!!  So, in a pinch, I ran over to Ali Baba.  I can't tell you how disappointed I was.  The hummos was thick, gluey and bland and the grape leaves were too vinegary.  Rating is up to two stars only because the tabbouleh was very fresh and pretty good, but, I mean, how do you screw up tabbouleh?
I kept seeing this place and was very excited to try it. What a MISTAKE.  We were literally the only table in the place and got awful service. It took half an hour to get our starter salads, then another forty five minutes for the food. The salad was plain and unappealing. Our shwarmas were so bad my sister and I pawned them off on her boyfriend, who didn't care for them, but was hungry. For a ten dollar lunch special, it was just BAD.  After finishing we waited another half an hour for the waiter to reappear with our check. Meanwhile, a man and his son came in and stood up front. After about fifteen minutes, the man finally had to go knock on the kitchen door to get the server back out. I wanted to warn them to run away, but didn't want to be rude, just because I thought it was gross is no reason to chase off their only other table.   Needless to say, this was a HUGE waste of money.
I am from middle east and I know how the middle eastern food tastes. This restaurant is not as good as the reviews are. Expensive. I went with my wife we had 1 main entree and appetizers with a hookah and paid 100 dollars. Food is below average. Restaurant was empty on a Sunday night. Customer service good. I will not go back to this restaurant since I did not have a good experience.
For those reviewing this restaurant and saying this is like a Lebanese mother cooking for you, I want to extend my deepest apologies for your mother's cooking. ;) But on a more serious note...  The service was some of the worst I have encountered, even if the manager was nice about it (he served us because I guess he doesn't have enough clientele to warrant hiring anyone else... but doesn't that mean he needs to change something up?)  The hummus was okay. I was disappointed to have paid so much for it and the pita bread was ...well, I can get better at Trader Joe's. For that matter, save your money and grab hummus and pitas at Trader Joe's.  Don't do the shawarma. Don't. Seriously. I moved far away from my beloved Mediterranean favorite restaurant and now I cannot find anything to replace it with. My 50.00 bill from Ali Baba was a kick in the stomach, or was it the Shawarma that was a kick in the stomach?  To add insult to injury, I was late for a movie because it took 40 minutes to get a check from the manager while he was hanging out in the kitchen. Really? 40 minutes without checking on a table? You would be fired for that at my work.
This place is a joke and the CLOWN they call the manager should be fired and the place shut down !    Came here with family we weren't sure already about the place but it was recommended on Zabihah, so hesitantly  we decided to give it a try Boy was that a mistake! If I could give this place  NEGATIVE 5 stars I would have.  We ordered our food with the recommendation of the waiter who was nice and friendly, everyones food came out and mines came 10 minutes later. The Hummas is WHACK  first off its like 80 % tahini our bread was BURNED  but they  still served it  to us. We came right at 5 and the restraunt was DEAD  empty, then suddenly two musicians showed up and started to play and practice off beat music, at a loud annoying volume when we were the only paying customer in the entire restraunt. The two weekend performers acted like they owned the place and abused  it like it was their personal studio. We asked him to stop for 10 minutes  so we can have and finish our meal in peace , instead he turned around and asked for another five minutes of torture because he was practiccing a song he planned  to record.  We waited 5 minutes which became 15 and he increased the volume the horrid amature hour  continued. It was so loud and obnoxious I had to leave the restraunt for air leaving my meal entirely untouched. The manager who was a brick of walking stupidity came and pretended to offer hollow customer service he told us the  the performers  don't speak English ( even though we told them in Arabic.)  The  lazy disgusting excuse for a  Managmer provided every excuse except customer service. We left our meals and didn't not take  anything. The bill was 120 for 4 people the scum manager then offered to give a free meal for 2 people only the next time we come, but there's 4 of us and we would never come back  to this  shotty excuse for Lebanese cuisine.
Dont't pay with credi/ATMt card. They will change the tip line. I think it was the manager that did it too.
Its ok. Not reall impressive if you are middleeastern. Food is cold and service is disorganized. They can do better. Environment is a bit unique with live middle eastern music. The waiter was very nice and polite.
Definitely not a good place to eat with friends, especially on a budget. There are cheaper and better Lebanese food out there. You are paying for over priced food and lack of service.
I don't think I have to go back.  Food was slightly below average and the place was kind of dirty.  There was still food from whomever ate at the table last all over the floor like the place needed to be vacuumed.  Since we went for lunch my guess is it was there from the night before.   I'd skip this place
I am a great fan of Middle Eastern cuisine. I am fortunate to be able to travel to the Middle East yearly and eagerly seek out Middle Eastern restaurants when I come to a new city. I was very disappointed with the food at Ali Baba. Overcooked meats, yes I know Arabs like their meat well done, but I ordered rare hoping for medium rare. No such luck. Gamey lamb, tasteless entrees. The worst backlawa ever, washed down by the worst coffee ever. How can backlawa be this bad? Service is friendly, courteous and professional. Shisha is served table side, so know that as you are eating there is the possibility that those around you may be smoking. I'm cool with it, but the initiated may be surprised. The Shisha is regularly attended to by staff members circling the room. This place really comes alive weekend nights. There is live music with popular Arabic songs performed. There is a dance floor and many of the mature diners dance into the wee hours of the morning. Overall this place is about the Arabic experience, and they do a good job. It's just unfortunate the food is so bad.
I regret to say that our dinner experience was quite terrible here. Our food was bad- the spinach pie was off and the soup was rancid.   The service was slow. We were left at our table waiting for 30 minutes waiting for a check after we declined dessert.   Not many vegetarian options.
They microwaved their bread so long that it was hard like a rock when it cooled downed.  I sent back two appetizers because they were microwaved and just disgusting.  Don't order anything is pastry puff.  The lamb was soooo tough it was not edible.  Waitress argued this is how they aways made it, and she ate it every day.  Too bad for her!  Don't waste your money on this overpriced, poor quality food.  And when they say it includes pine nuts in the dish, don't believe it unless you have a microscope and are willing to search for it!!!  So so bad, ugh, $60 for 3 apps and 1 entree... what a waste!!!!
Went here the other night and service was HORRIBLE! At first they refused to seat us inside even though there were plenty of open seats. After a long wait they did seat us, but then (after 30 minutes with only water) never took our order, even after we asked several times. We left and will never return. Way to make your guests feel extremely unwanted and uncomfortable Ali Baba. Go to Pasha if you want good food and service.
Went here last night with my wife and another couple.  We were absolutely the only people inside the restaurant, while what looked like the owner/manager and two friends were smoking hookah outside.       After waiting about 3-4 minutes we were greeted at the table as we had come a few minutes behind our friends who had already ordered drinks.  The owner/manager I mentioned earlier was our waiter because he didn't seem to be wearing any kind of serving uniform.        After we ordered our food about 10 minutes went by at which point a man who was clearly the cook (wearing apron) came up to us, hurriedly, to take our order.  We told him we had already ordered, and he asked who took the order and we pointed to the manager coming through the door with ingredients bought at a nearby market.  He ran up to him then they both ran back to the kitchen together. OK so they ran out of ingredients, and clearly the cook had no idea anyone was inside the restaurant or had ordered for those first 10 minutes.        About 20 minutes later we got our food, which was OK, definitely not anything great.  The chicken shawarma looked like it had been thrown together rather quickly and not really fully cooked (probably because they were trying to rush after having to go to the market to get ingredients).        I had a beer but my wife had ordered a Mojito.  BIG mistake... it was absolutely terrible, did not taste anything even remotely close to a Mojito.  It was so bad even I wouldn't finish it just for the buzz.      Then we waited for our check.....and waited....and waited..... and waited.  The manager walked past us towards his little office near the front of the restaurant twice, without saying a word to us.  Then he went outside for about 5 minutes.... then came back and went to the kitchen... then finally came over and asked us if we needed anything.   Uhhhh yea the check, we've been sitting here for 13-15 minutes.        So finally the check came... and WOW! Each beer (12 oz.) was $5.  The previously mentioned absolutely terrible Mojito was a whopping $9.  The other dishes were $13-$19.  The Chicken Shawarma was $16 but definitely not worth more than $12.  So everything was definitely overpriced.        I would come back here if I had no other options, but if there is another Lebanese place open within about 15 miles I would go there rather than here.....      Freakin $9 "Mojito"???
One star is too much for this place! I hated it. We went in the afternoon the waitress was a jerk and the food was like I was swallowing garlic
The worst Arabic restaurant I ever dined into. My lamb shank was not done at all it felt like I am eating tires instead of lamb. Also, the tomato paste was TOO much to the point the food was tasting sweet instead of salty and there was no taste of spices at all. Also, the kenafeh I ordered was TOO old and it felt like nylon in my mouth. Bad food for very high price. STRONGLY not recommended. For the money you'll pay in it, you would find a lot tastier and cheaper places.
I had booked a reservation for a birthday dinner, four days prior to the actual dinner for party of 12. When I phoned back to change the time (the day of) the hostess placed me on hold.  The manager came on the line; claimed they could not find my contact information to inform me that they were already booked for a private party (though they did not inform me of the event when I phone to make the reservation). Very unprofessional! I regret making the reservation!
So it was stay and home and play game day, so we decided to order for delivery. This place was close by and I saw the reviews on it that it was awesome and I love kabobs, and lambs so hey! perfect right? NOT!  Ordered online for delivery. It says it will take 45min to 1 hour for delivery. We ordered 2 lamb and 1 beef. And hour and half later, nothing yet. Gave them a call and they said that the food just finished and was on the way. 20 more minutes passed... the driver called and was lost. 20 minutes later, got the food. At least they gave us a discount since the food took so long. The reason it took so long? It was WAYY overcooked. The meat was all dry and chewy and doesn't have much flavor. Defintely not impressed.  Maybe eating there is different, but not a good delivery experience. Food was cold upon delivery. Though the portion was decent, but not gonna try again.
I will never order from this restaurant again. Nor will I use any restaurant that offers online ordering through the 24 online company. First if we had been told that we would be CHARGED $5 TO ORDER ONLINE - YES THEY CHARGE YOU $5 TO ORDER ONLINE - I would have simply called in the order. Then we were telephoned by the restaurant over an hour after we ordered that they were out of Hommus. This is after we were promised delivery in 30 to 45 minutes. It took them almost two hours to get our cold food delivered. I will never walk in to this restaurant again and I will never order online through that 24 company for this restauarant or for any restaurant they work for! THIS PLACE IS A RIP OFF!!!
I go out a lot and expect my water refilled, a smile from the waitress, oh...a menu and hopefully, good food.  This place has a weird dining room, more like a business conference room.  There were lots of customers waiting to pick up, waiting to order, waiting for food, waiting for their check.    The food was not stellar so I can't say the food was worth the wait!    The Gyros was not good and I was so disappointed.  The meat wasn't exciting, the tomatoes were lacking.  And the hummus was bland.  Now, if I were looking for young armenian men, this is the place.  But I'm not so, it's Not worth it.
So slowwwwwww. But pretty good gyro.
The food is awsome! I have been ordering take outs for about year during lunch time and never have problems. I eat in a few times, but it was always at lunch. So, one day, we decided to stop in for dinner with my wife and two kids. We first arrived at the restaurant and no one greeted us. We sat ourselves since they seemed busy. Another 10 mins gotten by, and no one even greeted us or gave us the menu. Then, another 20 mins, we left. No one bother to say goodbye or anything. Guess what? We are not coming back for lunch anymore. Nope, not only that. All our co-workers are not coming back either. Learn to teach your staff how to serve, if you dont care, we are not coming back.
Don't waiste your time or your money. Went to a Christmas party as this place and not only did the food suck, the service was even crappier. There were 20 people in my party, they only had a table made for 15. Anytime we asked for additional drinks or when our food started to get low we were given attitude by the waitor/waitress. The lamb was overcooked and the other meat portions couldn't be any smaller. Needless to say my whole office was very dissapointed!
I was so Excited to try this place after receiving a flyer from a gentleman going around my complex. After living in San francisco for so long I had high expectations.   Epic Fail! Really sad to be honest with you. I ordered a Lamb & Chicken kabob combo(Custom), roommate ordered the Salman & Shrimp (#9) combo and i ordered a Chicken Tabaka ( #12) for later. Would have been a somewhat reasonable price if there was any flavor. Absolutely no love went into this creation. Not authentic what so ever.   Rice: Regular white rice, slightly fried making it oily. No seasoning on it at all Chicken & Lamb Kabob: No flavor and REALLY dry. I ended up feeding it to the dog. Salmon & Shrimp: Roommate said the salmon was over cooked, no flavor on it whatsoever.  Chicken Tabaka: Regular roasted chicken lacking  flavor and moister.   This place could be AMAZING! The Mediterranean has a plethora of spices. Why aren't they being used here?   SILVER LINING and why i gave this place 2 stars apposed to 1: The Lady answering the phones was extremely nice.
This pains me so. To only give a place I love(d) so much a TWO STAR rating., but I must. This isn't based on just one visit, but the aggregation of my last five visit over the previous few months.  What sealed it was during tonight's dining experience. There was a younger couple next to us that was seated maybe two minutes before we were. By the time we had left, maybe an hour and ten minutes later they still hadn't received there food. Turns out the cook "dropped" the young lady's meal and it had to be remade. It was dj vu.   You see the last time we had patronized this establishment one of the guests in our party had the exact same thing happen to him. Coincidence?  Hardly. I think they expanded the dining room and the kitchen staff just can't handle it.   Tonight two of the five entrees came out about five minutes after everyone else's. ALL THE FOOD WAS COLD.  Sending it back really wasn't an option as it took roughly 45 min to get it in the first place.  The rice was soggy , chicken and steak cold, and salad was soggy.  Again, very disappointed on the last few experiences at what is now most likely not my favorite kebab place.
They have the worst service! When you order your food, you better be prepared to wait forever! I ordered two dinners and it took them 45 mins to get my food to the table. Then I complained to the manager and he said they are busy but didn't make me feel better. I have eaten here many times but I don't see my self coming back due to the lack of service and the chef takes too long to cook. The food taste good but not worth the wait.
The hummus was quite good but the service and entre were horrible. The food was all over cooked and when I requested to have a replacement they said that the kitchen is closing soon and I should just deal with it. I complained to the manager and he was so rude and actually told me that he didnt care if I ever came back. Dont bother not worth the trip.
TL;DR - This review is based on obtaining Take-Out.  Waited twice as long as estimated time, price of food was 3 dollars higher than told over the phone.  Service was unexpected and saddening.  I logged back onto yelp after two years just to write a review for Shish Kabob House.  Before I continue any further I would like to say that the food is definitely fine, however; much is to be desired in my opinion with the service.  Order: Chicken Lula with Beef Kabob.  Ordered at 11:59 am, I was told over the phone that this specific combination is not available on the menu.  The order taker re-assured me that it's fine, she will put it in and that my total will come out to be 9.95 since it comes as a "special order".  I am fine with this, any other order that relates to this one is around 9.95 and 8.95.  This is completely reasonable.  The order will be ready in ABOUT 15 minutes.  I arrive at the restaurant at 12:04, much earlier than anticipated.  One waitress (out of three) notices me after sitting for about 5 minutes and proceeds to ask me if I have been seated.  I inform her that I ordered over the phone and that I am aware it should not be ready.  She is friendly and acknowledges my comment and continues to do her job.     The next time I check my phone is 12:22.  I look around and see there are a maximum of six tables occupied in the restaurant.  I sit for another three minutes, and that is when the same waitress is kind enough to check on my order for me.  12:27, a gentleman walks in and is immediately seated, and his food arrives a minute after himself.  I can only assume this gentleman had also ordered his food over the phone.  By this time I realize EVERYONE has their food.  At least two tables excluding the lone gentleman came after me.    At 12:29:50 (which is what the receipt says) I am handed my check by the same waitress and am told that my total will be $12.92.  Absent-minded I hand my card over, but I catch myself as she is ringing me up.    ----------What occurs next is what I am most discontent over---------  Up until this point I have waited patiently for 30 minutes on an order that was supposed to take 15 minutes.  During those 30 minutes I watched as everyone got their food, people before I came in and after I came in.    I stopped the waitress and explained that perhaps the price is wrong, and that I was told over the phone it was going to be $9.95.  Immediately I got a tone and haste that I only know too well myself having worked over two years in the service in industry; "I work here and I know I am right, let me not only prove it, but also now try to rush our interaction so I can continue my job."  I was not questioning her knowledge of the service at the store, and up until this point she was extremely friendly and attentive.  She proceeded to show me the menu and the $11.95 priced Beef Kabob and explain her reasoning, to which she stated three times in rapid succession the reason why it's $12.92 is because "it is an inconvenience for the chefs".  However; EVERY combos item (beef lula/chicken kabob, etc) is in the 8.95-9.95 range.  So how is it I am being charged three dollars MORE for a beef kabob/chicken lula combo if there are combos with a beef kabob only priced at 9.95?  I informed her again that I was told a lower price over the phone, and she curtly "apologized" for whoever took my order.   I was handed the card receipt and left at the counter, to which I signed and left the establishment with no acknowledgement or thank you.    I don't mind paying for food.  I don't mind if I end up having to pay extra for someone else's mistake.   I don't mind waiting longer.  I don't mind watching everyone get their food before me even though they arrive later than myself.    What I DO mind is being given horrible attitude for a mistake that was NOT made by myself.  Of course I don't want to pay extra for something that was originally going to be another price, and there should be an air of courtesy tied to that.  Our time could has easily been resolved is I was told, " I'm very sorry about that, our waitress made a mistake.  I realize also that your order took much longer than expected, allow me to charge you the price that was discussed over the phone.  However; for next time this same combination will cost you $12.92."  What I wrote above is acceptable service.  That is courteous service.  That is service that will make me return again and again.  I would return JUST for the same combination at $12.92 if that was the conversation we had. But that is not the case.  Instead I was treated as if "these mistakes happen often and that I need to suck it up and pay and leave."  If we weren't jostling over three dollars, they would have made way more in my return.  Although the food was fine, the experience left a very sour taste in my mouth.  I don't believe I will be headed back anytime soon.
Ugh!  This place used to rock. The Armenian salad was super salty, the steak in the #7 tastes like it had been marinated in soy sauce and was not very tender. The chicken had a rubbery quality to it. I really root for small business, especially when they put out an awesome product. Even with the restaurant.com GC, it wasn't worth it. Zaytoon puts out a much better product. I'll probably come back here, but probably not until 2014.
The food was ok but the reason this place received one star was because the customer service was by far the worst ever. I get there it took literally 30 plus minutes to get pita n hummus and a drink. There were maybe 3/4 other tables that's it. Took almost another 45 to get our food. The waiter wasn't attentive at all I had to wave him down every time. Horrible
I was here with a big GROUP and i do not know how People give this place more than 2 stars!  The meat was overcooked, service slow and the place very rundown. Usually the reviews are spot on but this place was a complete miss!
Appearance can be very, very deceiving. From a little Mediterranean joint, this place came a long way. Very fancy decor and I believe they have live music instruments as well. I went there after seeing it a while back expecting the same corner food joint, instead we found a chic restaurant that looks like something you'd see on food network with the lack of a proper host and cloth napkin.  The food sucks and let me point out why. With appetizer (Domas), we were given the store bought and cold PITA bread (Notice the caps) with nothing to dip it with and with no butter. Rice with the order of # 7 were the type of rice they serve with Enchiladas. Chicken Kabobs were dry and the beef kabobs were unevenly cook. Some were well done while other were mid-well. Did I mention the paper menu which resembles the pizza menu you get on your door locks. Salad was just ok.  Service was somewhat impressive. Our server was very polite and gave a very professional impression. Halfway between ordering and getting our food, the music stops causing an uncomfortable amount of silence. 5 mins later, it resumed again. I couldn't actually tell where the music was from, didn't sound like Arabic or Persian. Could be Pashto.  In short, if you go for the food, don't expect anything close to Fresh Kabob on Sunset/Eastern where they serves fresh bread and Basmati rice. Pay $14 for plate with 6 pieces of Kabob look-alike Meat, rice you'd find in a Mexican taco shop with store bought pita bread but decor like a fancy restaurant at the strip. This is a classic example of when neighborhood food joints try to become a fancy restaurant and forget what got them a 3 thousand square-feet restaurant, THE FOOD.
This is the 2nd time we visited Shish Kabob House. The first time, the service was really slow. We thought it might be different, so we came back a second time and the service was worse.  We had reservations at 6:30pm and we were seated right away, but we sat there for 20 minutes before anyone came to our table to take our order. We finally ordered 3 hummus & pita, 2 Greek salads, and two Kabob Platters (beef kabob, chicken kabob, chicken lula kabob, beef lula kabob, rice , French fries.) They ran out of pork kabob.   We finally got our water, hummus and pitas, and the Greek Salads, but we couldn't eat our salad because we didn't have any plates or utensils. We had to wait another 10 minutes to get our plates and utensils.  The food is pretty good, but I don't recommend going to this restaurant if you value good customer service. Unfortunately, we don't plan on coming back.
This place was gross. What is up with the gnarly middle eastern restaurants here in Vegas??? First of all who fries their meat skewers? Gross!!! And cold pita bread? I wouldnt recommend this place unless you want bland fried food!
food was just ok nothing great, have had better lamb chops, liked dessert better than the entree
Food was good. Service was shit. Waited about 20 minutes for half of the drinks we ordered, another 15 minutes for a water and iced tea. On top of that another 40 minutes for our food. Our server kept avoiding us and rolled her eyes countless times. First and last time here.
I have eaten at this place before and enjoyed it. I was close by so I figured I was gonna get something to go. I've sat in front for a good 10 min. The sign says please wait to be seated. A couple patrons arrived and waited for a couple minutes and decided to sit themselves. I have made eye contact with a couple waiters and they did not even make any effort to acknowledge my presence! There are several tables of customers but it didn't look hectic at all. I'm sure I can find a better Meditteranian restaurant and be treated better than this. I  never going back to this establishment.
Horrible service! This place is stuffy and makes me very claustrophobic. Felt uncomfortable and was continuously eyeballed by two females with a unibrow. Not my cup of tea.
Good food but really slow service.. Only 2 server at 6 pm.. It takes 20 min to get only water.. People waiting at the door and no one doesn't care them..
Khoury's was good the first time I went sense then I live close enough I've gone three more times each time not as good as the first, including the food.  The service also was really slow. I have deff. had a better pita. The first time I went though I really liked it. I am not sure if they'll improve or not but I tried enough times I don't think I'll be going back soon.
While the food at Khoury's is plentiful, and flavorful, the service is beyond bad. On the 4 occasions that I have eaten here we have had to wait for over 20 minutes just to have water brought to our table. On a few occasions the owners son was serving tables. This would be okay if his son were not 10. I'm sorry, but I do not go out to have a 10 year old serve my food to me. His hands were dirty and his manners were very poor.   The owner also does not seem to care about the service. On our last visit when I mentioned that we had to wait so long to be greeted and brought water at our table, he simply smiled and said that if we didn't like it to never come back. I smiled back and told him that I would take him up on that suggestion and while I was at it pass the suggestion on to a few others along the way.   Stay away from Khoury's, unless you like dirty little 10 year olds with poor manners serving you your food.
I went here on eevening after wanting to go for some time. I was very disappointed. Things were not very clean...tables had residue on them as if they use dirty rags to wipe them down, and then they miss a lot of food still stuck to the tables. I ordered steak and it was about as good as a steak you would expect at Denny's. But it was quite spendy! I will never go again!
At work we've been trying to explore and get out there more, so we skipped our "work lunch rotation" list and headed for somewhere new.  I've gone to Khoury's once maybe two years ago and I barely remembered the place so we gave this place a try again.  Let me say that the food was very good.  Their fresh bread and hummus was an absolute pleasure to eat.  We all ordered a mixed plate of Beef Skewers and Kafta - which is like a seasoned ground beef in a shape of a sausage / hot dog.  For the food, I would give it a 7/10.  The service, however, left more to be desired.  This place seemed very busy from the lunch crowd but they all left by the time we got our food.  We came to this place around 1:10pm and were seated immediately.  5 minutes later we got our drink order taken.  5 minutes after that, we got our drinks and our order taken.   Our food finally came at 1:45pm.  It took over 25 minutes for our food to show up.  We all ordered the same thing.  There were some notices under other menu items that it would take 20 minutes cooking time, but not under what we ordered.  Also, since we were starving and digesting our own backbones while waiting for the food.  We got bread and hummus which lasted about 2 minutes.  Another bread refill was needed and acknowledged by the waitress, however it took about 10 minutes before we received more bread.  Service is a  3/10.  I'm sad to say that the service killed my opinion of this place.  I'm giving it a 2 star review.  Maybe one day if we're looking to diversify our "work lunch rotation" list again we'll give this place a whirl again.
They got a 2 instead of a 1 because our waitress was amazing. Although the service was spectacular, the food was medicore. It's not horrible and edible, but I wouldn't go back ever again. The flat bread (naan) was like a crispy cracker which is dissapointing when you are craving the delicious soft delicate goodness of naan. The hummus was ok....but nothing great. We ordered the Shrawrma Plate and Lamb over Hummus....IT WAS THE SAME EXACT PLATE! The meat was over salted and the strips weren't what Shwarma really is.  Definately dissapointing overall especially after spending $70 to get a non authentic menu. We LOVE this kind of food and have been experimenting other places so we know what's good and what to compare it to. Too bad, because this one is so close to our house. The place was kind of empty too,which usually we consider it's just not a popular choice of food for people but this time it was probably due to their lack of authenticity in food. It's a nice clean pretty restaurant, but all that doesn't matter when the food sucks and paid too much for it.
While the food is pretty good, the service has become increasingly horrible. I placed a to-go phone order and the girl taking my order, April, was very short and rude. She treated me like I was inconveniencing her by placing a phone order. I'm very disappointed as this restaurant used to be one of my faves.
2 stars is being generous for our lunch experience today. The food was mediocre and the service just plain sucked. My wife arrived before me, ordered hummus, water and our lunches. I arrived a few minutes later and the waitress, Elissia on our ticket, conveniently ignored me and me needing a drink. She never asked how the hummus was, pretty good actually, and she seemed completely disinterested in our dining experience.  She brought us our meals with limp, barely warm fries to go with our gyro and chicken schwarma sandwich. Again, I had to ask her for ketchup to go with my fries, isn't that basic server stuff, along with more water. I also had to ask for extra gyro sauce, tzatziki, as it's quite watered down tasting and should be much thicker. Along with that the gyro had maybe 1/2 the meat that one would normally associate with a gyro.  We were definitely unimpressed and I asked my wife to remind me the next time I mention going to Khoury's to prompty tell me how much I disliked our first 2 attempts dining at this restaurant. Over priced, mediocre food and garbage service.
So I'm probably biased because I've actually lived in the Middle East and worked as a cook while living there, but I wasn't impressed by anything that I ordered.  I went here because I miss a lot of the food that I used to get while living over there, and was hoping maybe this place could alleviate some of that.  Alas, it was not to be.  So I ordered the lunch meat combo as I wanted to try out the sujuk and kibbi, and was rather disappointed in it.  The sujuk came out dry, while the kibbi was rather tasty so I was happy with that.  The rice they served with it was fine, but they went and raw onion on the plate that kind of overwhelmed whatever you tried to eat it with.  Also, their "grilled" veggies that they served with it were pretty much raw, not appealing.  I would say that the biggest issue I had there was with their pita, it was overcooked, period.  Even the fresh pita I got midway through my meal was crunchy on the bottom!  Pita should NEVER be crunchy!  Also, it still had flour or something on the outside of it that was kind of grainy and not particularly appealing.  I was also somewhat annoyed to find out that I got charged for the side of pickled veggies that I asked for without being told that first by the server.  Normally at Mediterranean restaurants those pickles come with everything, so kind of surprising.  Overall, if I do end up going back to this place, I'll probably try a pizza as I've heard better things about them.
Came in to have lunch by myself.. Stood by the door for a few min waiting to get seated. The staff just looked at me and didn't even acknowledge me. I had to walk up to someone and ask if she was seating people and she replies back "sorry, I didn't see you." I made eye contact with her twice, and on top of that I was wearing bright mint colored pants.. lol! I can't stand horrible service like this, I walked out.
It was nice to try a new place, but I don't think any of us were impressed with our food too much. We had the grape leaves for appetizer, I am not a fan anyhow so I did not partake, but the girls did not finish them and said they were not very good. I ordered a Shwarma, which here is different than any I have had before, just meat and onions? I packed it up to go. My friends ordered cabbage wrapped meat...I am not sure what they are called. They packed everything to go as well, no one was really a fan of anything we ordered. We asked for some containers to take our tzaziki sauce to go, instead the server brought us out three large to go sauces and charged us each a dollar fifty for them. It was an interesting experience, but I won't be back.
I will not ever go back to this place...  My out of country relatives were about to leave the town and we decided to take them out for a dinner at Khoury's. Place was absolutely empty that evening so I thought we will get full attention of server and the kitchen staff but it turned out that they didn't care for us bringing them business that night at all.  We ordered $40 dinner specials and it was a worst disappointment ever. Bread was stale and turned into dried up pieces within 10 minutes. Soup was OK. The worst part was the entrees. Lamb shawarma was dry and had a funny taste to it. Rice looked like it was re-heated after sitting in a container for a while. I really tried to eat the meat but it was so unappetizing that I gave up after a few bites. My relatives were not happy eaters either. After a bit of a hesitation I tried to explain to the server that our food (especially for the money we paid) is far from acceptable. She was apologetic but told us that she cannot do anything about it and she has to call the manager.  After some time so called manager showed up (he claimed to be a manger but I know he is the owner) and gave us "I don't really care" look and offered 10% discount and some food to go. This is a slap in a face! We didn't like the food in a first place and now we are being offered same horrible food to go! 10% discount - please.... I don't want to pay for it at all the way it was prepared! In the end I didn't want to argue  (especially in front of our relatives that don't speak much English) and settled the bill as it is.  P.S. Upset stomach for 3 people in our party till next day...  Worst $100 ever spent on dining out.
My husband and I took our out-of-town guests here. Biggest mistake! No one else was there, bread and lamb were hard as a rock, and the service was horrible! It was a complete waste of money because we all went home hungry, and shameful to have taken our guests there. We will never return to this place.
Great apps! Elham is a fantastic server, ask for her if you go, but you shouldn't everything else was horrible! Just go next store to DW bistro instead!
This is a review out of my experience on 04-22-2013 12:30 pm. When I entered the restaurant and waiting at the front to be seated. I observed two women at the cash register drawing verbal swords at each other at high pitch. Every customer can hear their verbal combat and me as well. After 5 minutes of quarrel they finally noticed me and said we are closed. That's very polite lolz. May be today is not a good day for them and I totally understand. But I felt that is awkward.
Freezes burned gyros and soggy fries delivered by poor service.  Take a pass!   A friend and I stopped into Khoury's for lunch.  Big mistake!  We ordered gyros and fries and were super disappointed when our food arrived.  It was cold, the gyro meat was clearly pressed out and formed instead of sliced as we would have expected. To make things worse the gyros tasted like it was microwaved.  We left the food uneaten. It just wasn't worth it.  To make matters worse the service was poor and the prices were high.  Do yourself a favor and go through the drive through somewhere.
SEND THE HEALTH DEPARTMENT OUT.  FOOD SERVED WITH HAIR IN IT & THEN REFUSES TO ACKNOWLEDGED THEIR UNSANITARY PRACTICES & EXPECTED YOU TO PAY FOR IT.  Serves was very, very poor. Management was very, very rude & offensive. 1st, Server claimed the soup & salad order jammed in the printer, so we were not served timely. Then she served the food with hair in it. Another employee pulled the hair out of the food & then returned the plate to the kitchen. Next the "owner"  basically said we placed the hair in the food & had to pay for 1/2 the meal when we had not eaten ANY of the food & why would we put hair in food we wanted to eat?  The four spears of lamb shish kabobs, along with the rice & onions were left at the table.  We paid for what we ate soup & salad, NO TIP for server & no compensation offered by the business for their poor services.
I visited this restaurant last Wednesday only because one of my doctors has an office right across the street.  The food that I ordered was really good.  I had the chicken shwarma(sp.) to go YUM!  The chicken was tender and seasoned very well and the tahini sauce OMG was fabulous.  I was going to get a side of Tabouleh but there is no way in hell I was going to pay over $10.00 for it!  I gave this place 2 stars because yes, I have had better and for WAY cheaper.  Get this, Khoury's also owns a "take-out" spot in Henderson called Yalla with almost the exact same menu.  The biggest difference between the menus are some of the entrees offered at Khoury's are not offered at Yalla and the items that are identical...are @ least $4.00 cheaper at Yalla.  I asked one of the waitresses why the huge difference in prices for the same items and her response is that Yalla is "take-out" only and Khoury's is a sit down restaurant.  WTF?  What about people like myself who come into Khoury's and place an order for take out?  This makes absolutely no effen since to me.  Why don't they just mirror the prices and increase them for the dinner crowd?  My $10.76 chicken shwarma would have been $5.99 at Yalla and any other Mediterranean Restaurant east of Nevada(maybe even cheaper).  As much as I love Mediterranean (Lebanese) food, I won't be visiting this restaurant ever again.
Came here as a large birthday group. Asked if they could split the check ahead of time. They said no. Getting our food was the most amazing mess ever. Bad. Bad. Bad. We were given the check but was taken away to be replaced with the actual check with added party gratuity. In the end one of servers admitted they should've split the check. No shit. Food was mediocre and water refills would've been nice.
Not too impressed with this place. They were severely understaffed when we were there, leading to an incredibly long wait for not only someone to take our order, but also our food and then our check. Two people that were seated after us walked out after being ignored for 10 minutes. Some of the food was good, especially the lentil soup and the babaganoush, but the meat platter was horribly overcooked. Needless to say, I'm not going back.
Mezza is decent. Bread is fresh. Meat is rubbery. Chicken shawarma taste like bandaids.  ALERT  they charge for garlic sauce. $1 for a SMALLLLL 1 ounce !  A pint is $10! RIP OFF!!!  The only middle eastern place that charges for garlic sauce even when you dine in!  That rule needs to be changed before they lose more business!!!!
I was in the mood for Mediterranean food last night, now this is such a vast area and is influenced by many countries. I have eaten many dishes good and bad from this area, not saying I'm an expert nor claiming to be. But good food is simply good food. This place was not the best and for the prices not worth coming back to.   The beef and rice soup was salty, the chicken and garlic soup bland, beef kebobs can use more seasoning, the house specialty chicken farooj was just lemon and garlicy and their mini house mezza was not worth 18.95. The pita bread was falling apart and crumbly, very strange.   The service was like the food not the best, they were chatting away by the register and then once in a while checking up to see if your ok.
didn't like it at all. overpriced and staff wasn't all that friendly. food was whatevers. I went here about 2 years ago and haven't been back. Nothing about this place lures me to come back. I wouldn't really recommend to my friends.
Lastnight was the first time of going to this restaurant. It was recommended to me by a friend. My cousin was craving good Mediterranean food, so I was like why not. As we entered the restaurant was quaint and looked presentable. We stood by the hostess station for a few minutes, the lady in a white shirt noticed us but ignored us and continued to help the seated guests. Then finally a nice woman in a black shirt asked if we were helped and handed us a menu. After looking through the menu my cousin finally decided on what she wanted. So the woman in the black shirt took us to the cashier area to take our order. While she was taking our order, the lady in the white shirt (she wore glasses , on the hefty side, and have glasses) was so rude and didn't even say excuse me and told her to stop checking us out because she 'doesn't like for her customers to wait for a check'... In my head I was like what are we?? And then she was rude and pushed that girl to the side after she voided our order and the woman in black told her "she's ordering" and the lady in the white shirt was so rude and talked down to her and us and said "well she doesn't care. I think she doesn't care! What I say goes..." So from that comment I knew immediately she was either an owner or a manager.   After that experience, the woman in the black shirt was nice and pulled us a chair. While we were sitting there all she did was whine and complain. My ears were literally hurting from her negative behavior.   I have never experienced such verbal abuse to other employees and to waiting customers. I honestly think the woman in the white shirt was racist, only helped people that were blonde or looked Caucasian. She seemed to treat the people with background that is different of her own with such distaste. After that we got home and glad we didn't have to sit through being around her negative aura.    I can't believe I gave them a 1 star but I did because there was no other option. The food was mediocre. Kudos to the women who wore black t-shirts and have to deal with the woman in the white shirt every time they work there.
I love Mediterranean food and good service. This restaurant was neither especially the latter. I've worked at a 5 star/5 diamond  restaurant but have my favorite hole in the wall no star joints with excellent service and quality food.  Will never step foot into this restaurant again. No customer service (no one greeted us as we waited at the podium for 10 minutes and servers kept passing by) and food is mediocre. Doesn't taste authentic and food is overpriced. Not recommended!
The worst food we ever had!!! Everything is way over salty and if you want to have Heart attack symtoms, visit Khoury's. Meats feels very rubbery and uncooked as if your eating a rare steak but it's kafta kabob!!!  Over priced for junk food!!!   We  will be notifying the health department a swell.
The place looks like you are going to get the best Mediterranean food in Vegas, Buy it is not. I didn't like the food at all. The Gyro was the worst I have ever had.  And silly me for ordering Pizza from a Mediterranean place. One word Gross. I will Not be returning to this place.
Very sad that the owner has so little concern for how his servers are treated  As a local ( Spanish Trail  ). Awful that the owner cares more about the flash  & trash of the visitor than  neighbors  I will NEVER return to Khourys again.     I rang for 30 mins to place an order.  No one picked up.  VM each time.   On one last try ( as it is stated in their printed materials they are open 7 days per week ). Phone was picked up .. After 30 (!!!!) minutes on hold ( I was grocery shopping ).  I was hung up on.    Once I placed my order.  I was told "30 mins".    Upon arriving at the restaurant there was a group of about 40 people.   Loud.   Gross drunk.    Also many filthy. Uncleared tables from previous diners    I was told my food (take away) would be ready in10-15 mins A hideous boisterous obtrusive man. (Drinking non stop)  berated the female servers.   Entered the kitchen telling the staff to "keep the kabobs coming "  At one point I asked one of the servers if I should ring the LVPD.   She hesitated & then said " world of poker players-- probably best not "   There were people drimking & smoking on the sidewalk in front of the restaurant.   I asked if they were "World Series of poker players" & they confirmed they were   I brought home 80.$ worth of food.   The kabobs were hard & over cooked  The rest.  Mediocre at best    Do not go here !!!!!!!!! Do not let your daughter.  Friend. Sister.   Wife.  ANY female work here.     Ugh ugh ugh.
Way over priced, old furnishings, slow and inattentive staff. We got one hookah that was not lit correctly and when we asked him to light it correctly was rude about and finally gave up so we asked him to get someone else to do it. Which he did and then the problem was fixed. However by this time the small amount of tobacco was already mostly burned up. They do not give free refills on fountain drinks, ice tea or anything else. No free drinking water. I asked specifically for tap water and he still brought a bottle of cheap drinking water, then charged 2.75 for it. I had already bought one soda for the same price. The food is alright, however once again overpriced. On the weekends they do not let African-American people in unless they are with other people. That is terrible, if I would have known they did not I would have not even gone in the first place. I know this because a couple of my friends tried to come in the waiter says there where no tables available. I show up and get a table no problem. This place is terrible and should be shut down.
Boy was I deceived!  I've come here with my bf 3 different times this week and every single time we've walked in and out immediately because it was SOO DEAD. The days we went were Sunday, Saturday, and Wednesday. The last time I came here was on a Friday and I'm guessing that's their only busy day of the entire week. It was seriously DEAD every other time that we went, no more than 3 groups of people, so sad. I really wanted to come on a Saturday night since THEIR FLYER says that they have belly dancers. When we came in and saw nothing but an empty room my bf asked the manager about the dancers and he said "oh, thats on Thursday." Their flyer says nothing about dancers on Thursday...  I really loved this place the first time we went and I thought it'd be like that every night, but boy was I wrong!   Don't come here on any day other than Friday.
It was.. an interesting experience coming here. I can say off the top I never tried the food, I came here with a group of friends on a Saturday night. The music was loud, overbearing and the crowd was.. a little less than my personal taste in people ..  The decor was bad, even for low lighting.  They could probably use a major make over...
servers were rude hookah was decent french fries made my stomach hurt  wont be going back unless i'm forced
This place has gone out of business for quite sometime - and its not surprising. Yelp should update the status.
place shut down and for the right reasons - dirty, bad service, super expensive and they poured cheap Russian spirits in top shelf brand bottles, drinks were literally strip prices. But one thing was for sure - their falafels were amazing as were the shawarma sandwiches and their pickles. Miss it.
I'm just not feeling the Sabuddy love. This was the second trip we made there. I tried it again tonight thinking maybe I wasn't fair last time -- maybe a year ago?  First off, it was FREEZING in the restaurant, and I had on jeans. I was shivering. Literally shivering.  The hummus had a strange consistency that made it stick to the back of my throat, and now my throat hurts like something gross is stuck. The pita was ok, but it didn't seem much better than what you get at the grocery store. I've had better.  I got the chicken shawarma plate. Eh. The chicken was too salty, not very warm and tasted odd. Perhaps it was old? I still can't get the salt out of my system. I think I need to go down a gallon of water. The salad on the plate was sort of pathetic.  My dining partner got the chicken pita sandwich. She was complaining that her stomach was burning after eating it. WTH?  The staff was nice, however the wait was purgatory. I thought I was going to freeze to death waiting for the check (which we had to ask for and then wait after asking).  I've had my fair share of Israeli food and various other sorts of Middle Eastern food. This was fair at best.   I'm not sure why everybody raves about the hummus. (Christine does her best Simon Cowell Impression) If I'm being honest with you, the hummus at Fresh & Easy is a lot better.  Eh. *shrug* Not feeling the love. Sabuddy is not my buddy.
Oh how sad!  My husband has been talking and talking and talking about coming back for their falafels when we go back to Scottsdale for Spring Training in March.  Now I have to tell him the bed news...*tear.
Not bad but not particularly great either.  I continue to be disappointed by the middle eastern food in this town.  I stopped in at lunch on a weekday and waited in a very long line.  The place was hopping.  I ordered a $7.99 combination plate which featured hummus, baba ganoush, shawarma, falafal and tabouli.    Alas, it was merely adequate.  First of all, the portions were miniscule, even for lunch.  The hummus and baba were served in little plastic ramekins (i.e., ketchup cups).  This is a bit ridiculous in and of itself - I mean hummus is not exactly a high food cost item but more to the point, neither was particularly tasty.  The baba ganoush was watery and lacking in flavor and the hummus was nothing special with no detectable garlic.  The shawarma was exactly two thin strips of meat.  Four small falafel balls. And of course one small piece of pita bread.    I asked for more bread and they brought another piece, but I'm always baffled by American middle eastern restaurants that serve you one piece of pita bread.  This cuisine traditionally calls for copious amounts of bread and one piece of bread just doesn't cut it.  So summing up, bland food and small portions do not a memorable lunch make.
We experienced the worst service! The service was so bad that my fianc actually complained (which is traditionally my role). We waited a good 15-20 minutes for our food. At first I thought the kitchen was just slow. Nope, not the case, THREE people that ordered AFTER US got served their food before us! After the third party got served, we went to the owner and told him we never received our food. He went to the kitchen and said that it'll be right out. We sat down and another person that ordered after us got their food. Then a few minutes later ours came out.  To add more insult to injury, the owner was out on the floor talking to regulars that had ordered after us and had already received their food. The owner was either too busy talking to notice that we hadn't received our order, or simply didn't care because we weren't regulars. Needless to say, we will not be returning to this place. There are other great Middle Eastern restaurants in Phoenix that provide excellent service.
We ordered dolmas chicken gyro beef gyro and a combo plate. The meat looked and tasted cans and every item was the worst Arabic food I've had. Not sure why this place has 5 stars, $30 wasted
I've been to Sahara Middle Eastern twice. The first time that I went there, I really did enjoy myself. I went with a buddy for lunch, I had the gyro pita and he had the chicken schawarma pita. The food was delicious, served quickly. The food didn't last long on our plates; it was totally devoured after the first bite. The rice was great. everything cooked to perfection. I made a promise to myself to return again soon. So I did.   The second time I went, I had talked another one of my friends into going. He's not the biggest middle eastern food fan, but he aquiesced and we went over. We show up, see the "Open" sing hanging in the door, the electronic open sign flashing in the window, pull the door, open, and walk in. We are promptly met and seated near a couple of people who were eating, by a woman who gives us menu's and a few minutes to pick out what we want; In the mean time she brought us some water. After we decide what to have, the owner, presumably, walks in from outside, looks at us, and walks over, and tells us that the restaurant is closed. We nervously glanced at each other, and because we thought he was joking, chuckled politely and placed out order. After all, we'd been seated, given silverware, menus, water, and time to decide what to eat. Well, turns out he wasn't kidding. And he apparently thought we were laughing maliciously at him. He grabbed my menu from my hands, told us to get out, that the restaurant was closed, pointed to the door,  and that we need to learn to read signs. Effectively, we were thrown out of the restaurant, and left without commotion or a word to him other than "ok, ok, we're sorry." Sorry for what, other than wanting to patronize a restaurant which I had previously enjoyed, I don't know. Outside, confused, we looked on the door, and saw the open/close times. They close at 2:45; we looked at our watches, it was 2:55.   I can understand we walked in right at 2:45. I understand that the hours of operation were posted (albeit, in tiny print), and that we should have seen them. However, it is in Tempe, a college town, in the early afternoon. There were people inside eating. The open sign was showing, as well as the flashing neon sign. We were seated, given water. Only to be unceremoniously thrown out over what was a misunderstanding. The whole fiasco could have been handled better, and it has left a poor taste in my mouth. I won't be returning any time soon.  Bottom line, yes, the food is delicious. I recommend the Gyro pita if you do find yourself here (It's the only reason I'm not giving them a 1 star). However, the treatment we received was completely uncalled for. We seem to be the only people who have received such treatment here, so I hope it was a fluke and the gentleman was merely having a bad day.
After trying the one in Gilbert several years ago, I was afraid to try this location. But I was hungry from fasting for a blood test and decided to try this location. I won't be going back.  For the record, this is not the same owner as the one in Gilbert (as I found out), and the food was much better than the one in Gilbert. I ordered a chicken shwarma plate with a side of hummus - to go. Instead of warning me that there's no lunch plate available for shwarma, only pita wraps, I was charged for a full priced dinner.  Nice.  Thanks.  The "dinner" comes with rice topped with a tomato sauce, salad or lentil soup and the shwarma. The shwarma had a great flavor, but was a little dry for my liking. The rice was overwatered, meaning it was mushy and they used too much water when cooking it. The tomato sauce they used to top the rice was good. What shocked me was that they put a small salad in the corner of my to-go box and the lettuce was covered with the warm rice and chicken. Gross. Soggy, warm lettuce. Ew. I cannot comment on the side salad I received because I forgot to tell him that I don't like creamy dressings and it was smothered in it.  My fault for not telling him.  They don't make their hummus fresh. Their hummus has the consistency and taste of the canned hummus you can buy at Haji Baba's down the street. It was over salted (canning process!) and they used too much oil for the consistency. I threw away my lunch half way through. I can get better food elsewhere.  If you are not familiar with Middle Eastern cooking, you will find this place good and charming. If you are familiar, I'm sure you know to steer clear of this place.
3 1/2 years after my first review I have been to this restaurant 4 times now.  What I loved most on my first visit was the lentil soup.  Yeah, it just doesn't do the same thing for me anymore.  I won't be back.  Not because the vegetarian platter wasn't good (though it is quite a bit higher in price than Haji Baba which is my FAVORITE!!) it's that we had an entertainment coupon that they wouldn't accept.  We did not find this out until after we had eaten and were ready to pay for our "meals".  (Spent more on the meal then would have on another falafel sandwich if I didn't have the coupon.)  We were told that the Entertainment Coupon book printed their coupon again without permission and they have a sign on the door to let people know before they come in.  The door was propped open so the sign was unreadable.  If we had known the coupon would not have been accepted we would have eaten somewhere else.  Seriously!  BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!
Followed the high ratings given by Yelpers and drove out to Sahara Middle Eastern Restaurant---and I mean drove... (long story)   The place seemed nice enough, decorated with a middle eastern flavor without too much exaggeration.  Sat down at the booth in the back and had to put one of their decorative pillows to prop myself up from the sagging seating--uncomfortable to say the least.  Then we waited 10 minutes before anyone came to offer us menus or acknowledge that we were there.  Finally I decided to ask for menus-- gee what a surprise, customers need to see the menus.  We then had to ask for water because NONE was forthcoming without asking.  Maybe they are trying to save the environment, but don't most restaurants ask you what you are drinking?--NOT here.   So now we are set,  we have menus, but we also have questions.  So we ask the young lady in capri pants strutting herself around the restaurant (and especially around the owner)  about the preparation of one of the dishes.  BAD mistake (is there a good mistake????).  She said she didn't know much about the menu.  Aren't employees who interact with customers supposed to know about the menu???  Go to any McDonalds and ask what a BIG MAC is... I am sure they would know!!!!   I digress. The order was a chicken Shawarma sandwich,  Chicken Biryani, and a Vegetable Combo dish ( I think a #20).  Let's start with what I liked.  I thought the combo dish consisting of Hummus, Grape leaves, Falafel, Tabouleah, Babaganoush accompanied by pita was fine.  At $12.95 I don't know if it was fine.  It was a tad expensive compared to other combos at other places.  Regardless, I enjoyed it.  Hubby did not enjoy paying $12.95 for it.  The biggest disappointment was the Chicken Biryani.  It was well spiced but the chicken was overcooked.  When you cook white meat it becomes really stringy.  So all I heard on the way home was how overcooked his chicken was..(keep in mind that I had selected the restaurant).  The real surprise was that my 13 year old granddaughter who ADORES chicken shawarma and all things middle eastern did not enjoy her sandwich.  Don't get me wrong, she ate it.  But when I asked her about it she said, it was a sandwich she would NOT return for.  She then named 3 other middle eastern restaurants who make it better.   Disappointing.   I must say that the young lady  who brought us water made up for it by offering water almost to an annoying level.  Maybe it was her way to just strut those capri's in front of the owner.  Perhaps a dress code is overdue. Nobody wants to look at crotch.  Well, almost nobody.
My company ordered a catered lunch for pickup for 30 people today. While we were there, the lady at the register told us the total was $350 ($50 more than quoted).  We asked her to explain so that we could understand the price change, and she was unable to answer the question for us. She re-calculated everything and again came up with the original total of $304.00.  The owner was on the phone at the time, and was telling her to charge us $350.  Because she could not explain why, she kindly charged us $304.  When we walked out the door with our food the owner ran, literally ran, up to us and asked to see the receipt.  He says, "Oh you guys got a deal. She's an idiot" referring to the lady at the register, considering this is a family restaurant; I'm assuming this was a wife or sister. When I responded, "I'm sure she's not an idiot, it is just a mistake" he interrupted me with "Yes, she's an idiot."  I even asked him to just explain to me if we owed more money and he brushed me off saying "nevermind".   I was so put off by this, and we immediately left with our food and I was seriously concerned that this woman was going to be scolded.   When we served the food to our 30 employees, we ran out of food at only 20 people, and no one had large "restaurant" servings, only normal plate servings. Some (including myself) had very small portions.  I had a pita and 3 pieces of chicken (the chicken was thin cut and about an inch long).  We regularly order catered lunches for our employees, and have never had a problem with quantity.    When we called Sahara to voice our concern, not wanting any compensation, just to voice that we ran out of food so they would be aware for future orders, the owner quickly interrupted yet again and told us we were "wrong" and that we ate too much.  He said that three small inch slices of chicken is more than enough for one pita. We went on to say that we understand if that is their serving size, we were just trying to make them aware, but he continued to interrupt us to the point where we could not even say "Sir, sir, sir sir sir" into the phone because he was talking over us so loudly. We ended up having to hang up on the owner because he was raising his voice, being condescending, and not listening to anything that was being communicated to him.  He just kept repeating that we were wrong.  The food was amazing, but we will no longer be catering our business lunches with this restaurant.  We are absolutely astounded at the rudeness that the owner exhibited not only to us, but also to his co-worker and possibly his own family member. In no way can I think of an appropriate time to call an employee an idiot TWICE in front of customers.  Very, very rude and unprofessional. It's a shame that their food is so great when their ownership is so unprofessional and their catering quantity sizes are so small. I would not recommend this restaurant.
Strip mall with a security guard patrolling on foot didn't give me a warm fuzzy.  Nice waitress but she was the only one working that night.  Food was just kind of meh.  I wasnt that impressed but i am spoiled with the good mediterranean food we have in St Louis.
I heard about this place from my Arab friends and they suggested their lamb shank over Kuzzi rice. The rice was kinda watery and over cooked. Service was all right, and the place looked nice and neat. Their green hot sauce was very tasty! Their lemonade is homemade which tasted good.
**Original review from 5/3/2011. Updating new profile.**  After trying the one in Gilbert several years ago, I was afraid to try this location. But I was hungry from fasting for a blood test and decided to try this location. I won't be going back.  For the record, this is not the same owner as the one in Gilbert (as I found out), and the food was much better than the one in Gilbert. I ordered a chicken shwarma plate with a side of hummus - to go. Instead of warning me that there's no lunch plate available for shwarma, only pita wraps, I was charged for a full priced dinner.  Nice.  Thanks.  The "dinner" comes with rice topped with a tomato sauce, salad or lentil soup and the shwarma. The shwarma had a great flavor, but was a little dry for my liking. The rice was overwatered, meaning it was mushy and they used too much water when cooking it. The tomato sauce they used to top the rice was good. What shocked me was that they put a small salad in the corner of my to-go box and the lettuce was covered with the warm rice and chicken. Gross. Soggy, warm lettuce. Ew. I cannot comment on the side salad I received because I forgot to tell him that I don't like creamy dressings and it was smothered in it.  My fault for not telling him.  They don't make their hummus fresh. Their hummus has the consistency and taste of the canned hummus you can buy at Haji Baba's down the street. It was over salted (canning process!) and they used too much oil for the consistency. I threw away my lunch half way through. I can get better food elsewhere.  If you are not familiar with Middle Eastern cooking, you will find this place good and charming. If you are familiar, I'm sure you know to steer clear of this place.
this place is closed!
It is nicely decorated though I think the plasma TVs in the dining area playing an Arabic version of MTV are out of place.   Their mezze, an assortment of appetizers, seemed outrageously overpriced at $24, so we ordered baba ghannou, roasted eggplant with lemon juice and garlic dip served with warm pita triangles.  It was good, but I thought the addition of olive oil detracted from the taste and texture.  My wife's entre was kafta kabob, minced lamb with chopped onion and spices and served with tziki sauce while I ordered lamb kabob.  The kafta kabob was too light on the spices.  I ordered the lamb kabob medium rare and it ended up being both fatty and overcooked.  Our entrees were accompanied by rice and a bland salad.
This place was great when it first opened. I remember the owner used to give us free appetizers and the customer service was great...but my return trips to Almaza have been progressively disappointing. Customer service has declined considerably, and while the food and hookah are good, it's not worth being ignored half the time, or shooed to another table for another party, even though you made reservations in the first place. A lot of the old waiters/bartenders have left, and their replacements leave something to be desired. I recommend checking out Chandelier on St. Rose and Eastern...it's a lot better.
CHECK YOUR RECEIPT BEFORE YOU LEAVE AND DON'T PAY USING YOUR CREDIT/DEBIT CARD!!! i have gone here a dozen times and it never fails, one of our cards will always get over charged.. They will add to your tab so don't ever leave your card on an open tab. Pay for drinks as they come. The food is good but very very overpriced. The hookah is also very expensive as are the drinks. At night they try to turn into a club and have bottle service and a DJ so forget having a nice quiet dinner. After the last experience of being overcharged last month i vowed never to go back.
Service here is terrible unless you know someone. Hookah here is terrible unless you like herbal hookah. Herbal hookah is much harsher and lacks flavor unlike your average tobacco based hookah. The only thing this hookah lounge has going for it is that it serves alcohol which appeals to the 21+ crowd.
This place reminds me of the new Predator movie. Previews are loaded in action sequences and explosions and gun fire and sick ass stuff. Then you watch the movie and 80% of the stuff in the previews never happens or is edited to be rated G...  Almaza is possibly the worse place i've ever been to. They're under new management so no booze while paperwork is being pushed for a liquor license.   Staff are complete morons or high school drop outs or their parents didnt socialize them properly when they were young so they grew up complete frakking idiots.  My party came early and requested a specific seat and he told us he'd get it cleaned up and it's ours. Then his friends walked in and he told us to hold while he devoted all his attention to them. Remember that seat we were promised? another group had that spot but he didnt know because he learned his customer service skills from a friggin potato...  After getting place to another area we waited a good 15-20 minutes for someone to bring us a menu. after we got the menus it took 20-30 minutes someone to come back and take our order.   The hookah (midnight rose flavor) was nice and lasted the few hours we were chilling there, completely ignored by the staff, with empty cups, and one mouth piece...seriously there's 5 people at the table sharing a hookah and you only give one mouth piece...Note to who ever manages the staff: PLEASE DO NOT OPEN A TATTOO PARLOR!!  Food: The pita wrap was the best thing on the table and i wasn't the one that ordered it.  The lamb chops were...lets put it this way they were cooked earlier in the day then thrown in the fridge. When someone, like us, ordered it they threw it on the grill to get warm. What does this do? IT OVER COOKS THE MEAT. I cant believe i paid 20 bucks for rubber on bone.  the WORSE part about this place is they KNOW their service is garbage and they dont do a gorram thing about it. How do i know this? Where do i draw this conclusion from? THE TWENTY-FIVE PERCENT MANDATORY GRATUITY ON THE RECEIPT.  T.I.P.S. = To Insure Proper Service  Tips are earned for being a good server, paying attention to your tables and going above and beyond in the realm of customer service. As a consumer i have a right to withhold a tip if the service is garbage. This place is GARBAGE
I used to live down the block from this place and never stopped by. I mean, it seemed like a nice spot but I just never got to going. But I frequent Vegas regularly and decided to give this place a shot. Much to my demise.  The hookah was mediocre at best (I've been to alot better in Vegas for half the cost). I ordered some food for myself and my date. I can honestly say the food was decent. The server was very accommodating. But looking back, I realize that they were TOO accommodating (you'll see why later). Then things went from good to horrible in a matter of a few minutes.  After my meal, things started to change. The server kept urging my date and I to move from the "dining" section to the hookah section. His concern was maybe that we were taking up valuable space. And for this I understand, but it seems like a rather slow night so I didn't understand the rush. They had a dj playing house music. I didn't mind since I enjoy house music and it a place like this it really seemed appropriate. But in all honesty the sound system was absolutely horrid. I can go into detail about it, being somebody who works in pro audio. But let's just say that had they hired somebody decent to set this up, they'd been alot better off.  But I guess it wasn't their fault because at around 10pm, the pull the dj from booth (literally mind you) and they go to the back (but not completely out of sight) where I'm assuming an argument ensues. I turn around and mind my business smoking sub-par hookah. But since the music was apparently done, so was my date here.  So I ask to close my tab only to find over $300 charged to my account! I'm told by the manager of the place (who is now flustered by the incident with the dj) that this was only an "authorization". I was appalled, a $300 authorization?!?! This is a meal and some drinks, not a hotel room or rental car!!! I write the amount of the official bill (after asking to see an itemized one) on the slip and signed.  Well, guess who had to perform a chargeback request? That's right, me. This "authorization" never got changed at the end of the night and I found myself trying to make the next couple days away from home on the cash I had on hand.   Overall, this place is trying to be some posh lounge in a desert full of posh lounges. But seriously, how "posh" can you be when you're situated next door to a Cici's Pizza?  One star for the overall suck of this place. Had the food been worse, this place would get a big goose-egg from me. Do yourself a favor, don't go to this wolf in sheep's clothing.
Booooo... mediocre at best.  For starters, I've probably been here a good 4+ times, but if you're looking for a food review- this isn't it. Mediterranean food is my crack- but I've never gotten around to trying the food here. Even though we were never crazy about the place we would go because (at the time) it was the only nearby lounge.  This place is popular with folks of a variety of ages but particularly the 18-21 crowd on weekend nights for the hookah and "loungey" atmosphere. I have rarely paid to come here and I wouldn't. Typically, Ive always gone with a group of friends when the invite was extended or to catch up with someone.  My last experience can pretty much sum up ever every experience I've had. A decent sized group of us (5/6) went in just for a hookah session. Place was pretty much empty (I've never really gone during the "peak" time with a dj), but there's middle eastern club music going- streaming through two tvs- interesting music videos and all. We're seated and tended to immediately. The one thing this place has going for it in my experience is that it DOES have a nice atmosphere and the service is alright (sometimes good sometimes bad). All but one of us are smoking, and everyone who smokes needs to order a drink (it's like a protocol)- so, 4 sodas (there's a point for this itinerary later). After a flavor consensus and suggestion from the waitress we order A (1) hookah. After we finally got the thing going (hookah wasn't pulling well) there is hardly any flavor and within 5-10 minutes of us smoking (and it's not like we're hitting the thing hard, we spent most of the time talking)- the smoke is incredibly harsh and even my hardened-cigarette smoking Marine buddy is coughing up a storm. So, we tell the waitress. Charcoal homie who never talks comes with the charcoal bucket and takes almost all the charcoal off. In 5 minutes it goes dead. We tell the waitress, she doesn't really do anything. (Again, place is empty, there is only one other-smaller- group). The hookah always, again, is mediocre at best, idk if it's a combination of a sh*t pipe and low quality shisha or what. Bill comes- after military discount- $37- for 4 cokes, and a P.o.S under 15 min hookah session...and THAT is why I only go if someone else is covering it.  Pros: atmosphere, okay service Cons: bad value,  crappy hookah
Went to check it out. No staff to be found. Some lebanese men sitting outside, but restaurant mostly empty except for table in back. Looked dirty and like it barely opened. Too bad. I like lebanese food.  With all the good Hookah lounges/cafes, it's better to avoid this place. It's a shame, because if it was any good, it'd probably do well. Don't waste your time.
Walked in, and we were the only patrons. I ordered the mjadara, which is a dish of lentils and rice, they brought us sausages. When we pointed this out, the waitress insisted that our sausages were lentils and rice. Uhhh.
These guys really need a few pointers from experienced waitresses and hospitality staff.  For one thing, there appears to be only 2 waitresses to serve a restaurant/hookah lounge that regularly contains more than 70 or 80 people. That means you'll get your service in 30 or 45 minutes, which is unacceptable. On top of that, it'll take about 20 minutes for her to bring you a beer. It'll take a HOUR for you to get a BEER. Just one beer!   It's a shame, because the people that come inside are pretty hot. Like, smoking HOT hispanic girls... EVERYWHERE. And we are not talking about cougar-aged hispanic women of Blue Martini, these girls here are young.   Foods okay. Hookah is pretty shitty because the coals put themselves out. The flavor of the tobacco itself is almost nonexistent, which adds to the frustration of the regulars that come inside here. I have met many people, in 3 days of coming here, that share the same complaints.   And why are there so many cops hanging in their cars outside? Every hour I see two cop cars lurking in the parking lot waiting to pull one of the folks that are leaving over.  It makes me feel uneasy.    And there are a bunch of holes in the men's room. Like holes that have been kicked in everywhere.
Very shady place. Bad service and drinks were in a dirty glass. There were guys with guns that seemed to work here. It is a really weird place and I didn't feel safe. The food was god awful too.
I would give it a zero if I could brings a very unsightly crowd to a good area.
When we arrived on a Saturday night at about 8:30. The place was empty. Not a good sign. As we were seated, the host said, I have a party coming later, you might want to sit far away - and we did.   However, the food was uneventful. And nothing like I've had in Persian Resturants in the Middle East. The service was average. However, the group - of about eight men - totall destroyed the evening. They had a keyboard player/singer. As soon as they started up -- well, my ears are still ringing this morning!   Will I go back. No. Service/Average. Food/Average. Pricing/Normal for off strip. Ambiance - Nothing to write home about.
I am sad to report this place CLOSED its doors a long time ago. I used to like the lunch buffet.
I'll have to go with Mr. K on this one, a definite pass.  There are three other hookah lounges all within a half mile of Oasis and they are all worlds better than this one.  Go to Urban Cafe or even King Tuts, just anywhere but here.   The food is mediocre, nothing stood out one way or the other.  The music was a little annoying, but I'm not really into pop music or hip-hop, but I suppose people who are would enjoy it.  However, the service is absolutely terrible.  I've been there twice and on both occasions the (extremely late) delivery of food saved me from walking out the door.  Their hookahs are not good, and you practically have to tackle an employee if you want more coals.  Save yourself the frustration and go to Urban Cafe or King Tuts.  Urban is a bit more for the mediterranean loving, less-frills crowd.  Tuts if you still like your hip-hop and being surrounded by ASU students.
Poor knock off of the Persian Room down the way on Scottsdale Rd. I heard they even stole the menu and recipes although they don't seem able to follow the recipes very well. The food is a nice try but still something is missing. Don't waste your time the original is not far away go to the Persian Room instead
I have eaten Persian quite a bit when we lived in Atlanta.  My husband and I went for lunch today.  His $12 gyros were very dry although the meat itself was nicely spiced.  The basmati rice was nicely cooked.  I had shirazi salad and it was quite salty.  I've never had overtly salty Shirazi salad before.  i did not taste or see any mint in their salad, which i thought was a usual ingredient.  i have now compared the shirazi salad at Pars, Persian Room, and Tasty Kabob.  Tasty Kabob's shirazi is the most tasty, makes my mouth want to dance.  I also had the Khask-o-bademjam at Pars.  It was salty and otherwise bland  Pars' bread is not the usual large disc shaped (12 inch diameter) type homemade bread I have become accustomed to at other Persian restaurants such as Persian Room after 6pm.  Pars' bread is more like pita bread but it is tasty.  If I go back to Pars, we will try the kebobs. they look good on the menu anyway.  Our waiter was attentive and friendly.
First, I'll start by saying that the food, once I was served, was good. Nowhere near worth the price. Certainly not worth the wait.  The only reason I came by here was that they have a sign proclaiming that they are mostly gluten-free. I walked in, the place is empty, and I waited quite a while before anyone bothered to come out and seat me, without a menu. Eventually the waitress brought me out pita bread with onions. I asked her if the pita bread was gluten-free and she told me of course it wasn't.  Now, I figured this, however, if your restaurant is proud to be gluten free, and hangs a sign outside to encourage customers seeking gluten-free foods then a) you should ask first before you bring out (not counting desserts) the main item of food that ISN'T gluten-free out to your customer and b) don't be rude to your customer. Look, you just basically waved something delicious that I miss in front of me and in effect said "too bad you can't have this."  Getting past that, I was finally given a menu, and PLENTY of time to decide what I wanted. I ordered the Chicken Filet Sultani, which is chicken kabob with a ground meat koobideh kabob.  The koobideh was good, the chicken was kind of tough. Not dry, but maybe overdone.   I then also had to wait for the waitress to come around for me to pay the bill. I just dropped cash and left.  If you are craving Persian food and you are in North Scottsdale, do not go to Pars. Get back onto Frank Lloyd Wright and drive west until you get to Scottsdale Road, then go north a little way and enjoy The Persian Room.
Went in to get a to-go order. Place was as dead as it can get for a Sunday night in Scottsdale.   I walked in to see two employees, I'm assuming the owner and the server, deep in conversation, not even caring to welcome me into their establishment. I mean, HELLO, I'M A PAYING CUSTOMER!!??? CAN YOU SEE ME???!! The owner then walks back into the backroom, the server walks over to the register and prints out my bill and hands it over to me, and saying, it'll be about 6 more minutes... still... NO GREETING!!! How does she even know what I'm there for!!???  When a client comes walking into my office, I stop my conversation with my co-worker and greet my client. I guess customer service isn't all too par at this restaurant.   Food on the other hand, is good, but not worth the $17.00 for the chicken shish kebab. $17.00!!?? really?? Is this chicken marinated in gold??? DANG!    I'd rather go to The Persian room then ever come back to Pars. Lets class up the customer service experience! You're in a service industry! Smile! Greet! WELCOME PEOPLE!!
What a horrible place!  I order a stew...little did I know it was going to be one of the most salty, tasteless meals I've ever eaten.  There was suppose to be Cilantro in the stew...there wasn't.  I ask for some and the waiter brings my parsley! He tells me they don't have cilantro, yet the menu clearly said there was cilantro. The owner sometime later came by to ask me about the meal, I told how bad it was...he said thanks and turned around.  My sister ordered a beef Kabob...menu price was $17.  The waiter asked if she wanted this or that. We get the bill, and her meal costs $25!!!  She thought the meal tasted good, but said she'd never go back again. We got the bill for $60!!!  With all their nickel and dime items.  I would never suggest this place to a soul...and the restaurant is empty...and there is a reason!
Lets first start with the ambiance. The furniture and decor was outdated. It was dark, gloomy, and far from elegant being the prices were more then your average restaurant. It needs a lot of gordon ramsays help to fix this restaurant. The service was average, if that. We started with the shirazi salad which contained diced cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, a little bit of EVOO, and a tremendous amount of lemon juice. It was very difficult to enjoy with the sour/tart aftertaste. Since this was our first time, we decided to order the chefs special platter. It contained chicken breast kebob, ground beef Kebob, and lamb Kebob. On top of that we also ordered the shish Kebob platter. This platter contained "filet mignon" Kebob (biggest lie, filet mignon isn't a thin strip of meat which is tough, unless they don't know how to cook it), another chicken breast Kebob and lamb Kebob. We ordered these platters for some variety, but the funny thing is, there was no variety. All of the meats were marinated in the same spices/sauce that in result, didn't allow us to differentiate between all of the different meats. I am a foody and I cook traditional shish Kebob at home, being that I am from the Middle East. This restaurant does not deserve to sell and advertise their horribly tasting Kebobs. Having said that, their basmati rice was my favorite dish. That is why I'm generous enough to give them two stars. In conclusion, 6 skewers of the same exact tasting meats, a huge portion of basmati rice, small bowl of salad, and two hot teas costed roughly 120 dollars with tip. Don't waste your time and gas. You would have a better service at McDonald's.
Just went here, please do not judge Persian food in this restaurant, the tadig was old and very hard to chew, he replaced our tadig with another same old hard to chew tadig. He over charges, make sure you read the entire menu for suprise charges. The owner seems to have no knowledge of restaurant etiquette. We order chicken soltani and they brought beef and said there is no chicken koobedeh. The beef koobideh has an odd taste... The restaurant was dead I should have known. I do not recommend this place, as a Persian I am embarrassed it is called Persian. The owner seemed extremely arrogant and I hope he leaves the restaurant industry...
Horrible horrible service and food. The owner is very condescending and rude. Stay away. If you're hungry go to the Taco Bell right across...
I read the negative reviews I ignored it and paid the price and now I am filled with remorse and wish I didn't go. The Italian restaurant next door was the better option, or maybe Arby's.
This was one of the worst Persian food experience of my life. It is a small restaurant with no ambiance. One waiter for the whole place. The waiter was not flexible with the menu. It was expensive for a neighborhood dive and the food was tasteless. Go to the Persian Room instead.  Our food was so bad it wasn't even worth sending it back.  Poor service Poor ambiance Poor food  Poor experience  Over priced
Stay away at all costs. It is an overpriced, under service and ambiance place.  Food was below average and the owner/waiter or whatever he is was rude and inflexible with the menu. So it is a pricey, no ambiance place, slow service, and belw average food. The Persian Room is a much better place.
Used to like this place but very disappointed today.  They ran out of koobideh on a sunday (that's like McDonalds running out of Fries). After the server explained the situation she said same price for barg. Eventually we agreed (reluctantly). Then our server came back and said no, its going to cost extra and would rather us know than just give us a bill for more than expected (as if that's an option, surprise! $).  Our party of 6, some from out of town with strong cravings were about to head elsewhere.  We decide to speak to the manager who instantly confirms there will be no koobideh. My wife (who's Iranian) and i come frequently and expressed our disappointment.  My wife is fair skinned with light hair and doesn't always get recognized as Iranian. So... Her and the manager switch to farsi and not a moment after realizing shes Iranian we are told he can have koobideh ready in 10 minutes.    About 10 minutes later, not a minute more, we were served what we had been asking for all along. Interesting right? Now you can form your own opinion from reading this. I know for us, we will be thinking again before returning or referring others and will be make a point to tell our Iranian friends about this story.  I couldn't be more ashamed and embarrassed for them over this experience especially after patronizing the business for many years prior. Bottom line, the food isn't quite like it used to be and apparently there are some other deep rooted issues as well.   But hey, there's always Persian room.
Went for lunch. Nice seating indoors and out. Quiet though for lunchtime. We had the koobideh and the chicken kabob. Lunch comes with salad and rice as well as a grilled tomato. The food was great EXCEPT that one of the tomatoes clearly had mold on it and the chef/owner tried to say that the tomato changes to white/grey mold color when cooked. So not only did he give me mold to eat but then lied about what it was.  4 star food but 1 star service from the owner *disclaimer* our server was great however ...not sure if I should go back...should I?
I used to like this place for one reason. Ice cream. But service here is so horrible now. I can't comment on the food since we were never seated. The "hostess" was new and told us there were no tables available even though there were plenty of tables open. I asked why and she said those are all reserved for later...Hmm it was 6:45 and she said people had reservations for 6:30. That was the first issue. We've been here many times in the past, never with a reservation and this new hostess says they don't have a table for us. Then a server comes over and assures us we are not welcome there. Your job is to make customers feel welcomed, not kick them to the curb. Needless to say I will never come back. The only reason I've been going in the past was for their pistachio ice cream. All of the meat or chicken was always way too dry or undercooked. Rude service to say the least. They need to get rid of this horrible new staff and keep that help wanted sign on the window cause the staff they have now belongs at a walmart with their lack of hospitality. Go to Persian Room.
I just don't know what all the fuss is about. I got a veggie plate for myself and a gyro for my hubby. The veggie combo advertised a few of the items (hummus, taboulli salad, falafel, and pita bread) that it included and "much more". Well, there wasn't anything more in my veggie combo that wasn't named on the menu. Didn't like the falafel much, kinda dry. The hummus was less than ordinary. The best part was the fresh pita bread and the rolled fillo pastry that I had. I would buy some of their fresh pit bread to take home. It's a decent place to stop for a snack, I guess. Still the fact remains, I ordered takeout; stuck my food in the fridge for later because I enjoy leftovers; and just ended up throwing it out because it wasn't enticing me to eat it at all. So I'm still searching for a good Mediterranean RESTAURANT & dining experience - not a deli.
I am so upset right now that I can barely write this.   Being a loyal customer since day one and recommending Amena to both family and friends I thought my business meant something to the owner. I, at the very least, thought that my loyalty would buy me honesty. I was wrong.   A couple of hours ago I went into Amena to get some tabbouleh. Rosie prepared it. When I got home and tasted it, it was FANTASTIC!!! It was so good that I decided to go back and get another batch.   The owner was there and when I told him how good that Rosie made it, he told me that everyone makes it exactly the same. I replied that it was not exactly true. I've had it many times when it had way to much lemon, to little of this or to much of that. However, Rosie's was perfect and I asked him to please let her make it for me. He agreed. I went around the corner to see it being made and to my disappointment and surprise, he was making it. I told him that I wanted to try it before I paid $12.00 for a large. Sure enough it was loaded with lemon and I told him so. He said he'd retry. Second attempt; just as bad.   He justified his lie by saying that Rosie was preparing another customer's dinner. I informed him that since I made a special trip to get more of Rosie's tabbouleh I would have been more than happy to wait for her to finish with her customers.   Let's break this down. Over arrogance and dishonesty the owner lost a loyal customer that has been patronizing and recommending Amena to many, many people since literally day one. That's the definition of stupidity. I'm also posting this on Yelp and any other review sites that I can.   I'll now give all of my business to Afandi on West Charleston. It's closer to my house anyway.
Amena Bakery confused me a little. I sampled quite a selection of their menu and I was left with some "mmm" (good) sounds and "hmmm..." (bad) sounds coming out of me with different items. I do know this, though - everything there is hand-made on-site. Their recipes, their way.  I'll just open with a positive note - the falafel is great. Probably one of my favorites in the city. It isn't too dry, is green (yes, this is a positive to me), and tasty. It isn't overly fried either. This was nice.  Everything else was generally on the "this is ok" scale. The salad was a decent salad. The tabbouleh was a bit too lemony and dry. The hummus was hummus. The tahini sauce on the table was essentially straight tahini. The shawarma was not the flavor I was expecting - but let me elaborate on that. Both the chicken and beef shawarma were heavily over-spiced. Like... coated, thick. If you love the flavor, great. However, it is my opinion that good meat doesn't require a jacket made of spices.  Now, the really bad. The dolmas (stuffed grape leaves) were an abomination to all things wrapped in leaves. Seriously, avoid them at all costs. Imagine a thin row of rice wrapped tightly, many times, with a grape leaf and cooked to perfect dryness. They look like they were run through a vacuum sealer. I can't imagine why this would be. They were like dark green worms on a plate. The place itself was sub-par. It's just a place they moved into and left alone. Time travel back to the 80's.  If you're craving food from the mid-east, I can't say I recommend this place for anything but some decent falafel sandwiches.
It was ok. Expected the gyro to have more flavor and be WARMER. Really average food, and kind of spendy for the average quality.
Service took forever! It was a quiet Sunday afternoon with people at only 3 other tables. Why did it take 25 minutes to get 2 sandwiches out? My husband had ordered a refill on his soda before we started to eat and it didn't come out until after he was done eating. The sodas were flat when we got themm AND they charged the full amount for a refill on the soda. The food was OK but not really worth the wait. It seemed like a ripoff too. close to $30 bucks for 2 kebab sandwiches, no sides were included, and 3 (should have only been charged for 2) sodas. I would not come here again...
Overpriced, underserved and ignorant.  AJ's charges the same prices as The Persian Room, but serves a laughable portion of sub-par food.   The koobideh was too stiff and too salty. The barg (filet mignon) was tolerable. The joojeh kabob (chicken breast) wasn't even seasoned with saffron or citrus. These guys are doing it wrong.  To top it all off, the server suggested I get an extra side of rice because "it's the best part, and our rice servings are kinda small." Dude, rice is cheap. If it's so good and you know it's a small serving, MAKE IT BIGGER. I'm paying $16 for lunch, you can afford another cup of rice.  Anyway, our server admitted never having tried Persian food outside of AJ's, which should have been a huge red flag. He also had a rather dopey, unaffected personality that really didn't add to the experience.  Neither did the light rock radio station playing in the background. Could you buy some Googoosh CDs, please?  With places like The Persian Room and Tasty Kabob, there's no reason to visit AJ's.
I came here during the Litchfield Park arts & culinary festival. I was seated by a young girl who apparently didnt tell anyone so I was then accused of sneaking in & seating myself! The waitstaff was then rude & innattentive to me. One of them was apologetic but I dont think i'll be back.
We made the drive to Harem and were really impressed upon walking in.  There are cool lights hanging from the ceiling, Middle Eastern music playing, and plush, comfortable couches, inside and on the patio.  It had all the makings for a relaxing night of smoking hookah.  It didn't take very long for us to decide we were never coming back.  In fact, I'd say it took about an hour.    That's because we received our hookah *one hour* after sitting down at our table.  It was a Saturday night, and only one employee was working when we got there.  It didn't seem like a big deal, as there were only 1-2 other tables occupied.  Fast-forward 10 minutes, and the place gets slammed.  Within 30 minutes, nearly every table around us was full.    We watched, first concerned, then amused, then downright upset as everyone around us received hookahs (several tables who had arrived half an hour after we did got served before us).  When our hookah finally arrived, the man muttered something along the lines of "sorry, there was a problem."  If you want people to come back to your establishment, you 1) need to provide good service.  If you don't provide good service, you should 2) make an effort to win back the customer.  Neither one of these things happened at Harem.  I'll add it to the list of hookah lounges we won't be visiting again.  One more thing:  a bottle of water and a hookah came to $23.  For that price, I'd expect a lot better.
Major points for having one of the most wicked cool ambiences of any hang out sort of place I've ever been in. Very cool. Major deductions for crappy service, drink purchasing requirements (and frequently being out of the drink you order), and rules limiting when you can sit in the balcony area. The sheesha itself has been of varying quality. If you want hookah, you're better off going to Tempe instead.
It pains me to review a place with one star, especially when it is locally owned and the owner is easily accessible by working in the establishment.  That being said, I am pleased to offer my one-star review for Harem.  This place starts out very intriguing.  The ambiance looks phenomenal, a very dark place with a great patio that faces hoards of middle school kids killing time on a Friday night.  I've strangely found that every time I go there, the music gets cranked up about 15 notches to the point where conversation becomes extremely difficult...not a good aspect of a hookah bar.  From there it gets worse.  The hookah is very expensive (especially compared to some of my local Tempe joints, and on top of that, there is a one drink minimum.  However, the way that you are notified about this is ridiculous.  My group ordered three coffees, a latte, and five waters.  When we were brought five $4 Voss water bottles, we were a little surprised.  Upon inquiring, we were informed that coffee doesn't count as a drink, and rather than ask what our one drink would be, we were brought extremely overpriced water.  It gets worse.  Our coffee took about 25 minutes to be delivered, our charcoal was changed one time, and although the owner apologized for 'the mess,' there was no attempt to rectify it and put us in a position where we wanted to come back.  My advice would be as follows,  1.  Hire more staff if it takes more than 10 minutes to get a cup of coffee on a table 2.  Turn the damn music down 3.  Make a one drink minimum for people who aren't dropping $25 on average sheesha 4.  Use the proceeds from the $4 waters to put a lock on the bathroom door!!  Unless I see that there are some drastic changes I will not be returning to Harem.
Came here on a Sunday afternoon to meet a friend, about 3:30pm. The place was completely empty, except for a couple sitting outside.   It's great weather so my friend, who already had a starbucks, takes a seat outside as I go into to order an espresso drink.   As I walk up the employee (possibly owner/manager) is clearly checking out my friend outside, very distracted. I order a coffee and receive a robotic reply, "Lattes or Mochas" and hands me a menu. As I try to order again he interrupts me saying that "there is no outside beverages allowed" in reference to my friend. I let him know I'm ordering something but he insists that even so, my friend can't have his coffee.   We leave and walk over to Vincent's (two stores over, a nice Pizza place), where they have no problem with me ordering a drink there and us relaxing outside.   No business + a bad review all over a simple coffee.
I haven't been to a hookah bar in years and every time I walk by Harem's I think to myself, this looks like the coolest place ever! I took a chance, my girlfriend and I took a seat outside and after waiting a good 5 or 10 minutes someone comes to help us. I ask for a hookah and a couple drinks, apparently she isn't responsible for the drinks so an older guy comes to the table checking Id's, no big deal, but this is when the fun starts.. I'm quizzed on everything from my address, hair color, weight and whatever else he felt like asking, I'm 29 and have NEVER had this happen but I go along with it. He then turns to my girlfriend (29 also) and does the same thing and eventually denies us service! I have never had this happen to me!   I suppose I should be thankful because I walked over to Ra after and had a fantastic night but I will never go back to Harem's.
Hmmmm lets see where we start with this one! :)  The decor is good as many have pointed out. But as far as the rest of the night goes....I'm at a loss of words. If I were an award winning writer, I might have found the words to express the Sat night we spent at this joint---but I'm not....but a comic tale this is for sure.  We get greeted horribly to a one drink minimum even before we sat at our table.  Waiters(2 of them) come by to ask us about what we want, but no one brings anything out for a good 10-15 mins.   Finally the owner comes to charm us, suckers me to a drink that he wanted me to have...so I go with it....no worries.  Umpteen attempts to get the heater working fall on deaf ears--till finally the owner tell us that is nice and chilly out---why would we want the heater anyways? :) He does however warn us that the gas cylinders are empty---but we could try our luck to see if they light up :)  We are asked to order drinks, hookahs etc...everything we ask for isnt there.....so we compromise and order something. After we order, every employee of this establishment comes to take our order again---to remind us of the one drink minimum and that we need to order! Finally things started to roll out and get funnier for the night.   We get some strawberry looking drinks that we didnt ask for and we ask the waiter to bring us the smoothies we had ordered---she goes back and tells us--those we cant make so have these instead! :) Oh and that mint hookah we ordered---after smoking it for 5 mins---didnt smell any mint---so we ask of course---yup NOT MINT! .....they didnt have any so they made us some strawberry watermelon mix that they thought we might like?  Man I could go on and on--one after the other---we just sat around ordering things to see what would actually come to us!  Food we ordered didnt show up. Drinks we ordered didnt show up. Hookah we ordered didnt show up.  Everything we didnt order--showed up! If for no other reason---go here just to see how bad it can be.
Do NOT go here if you like having good service and drinks that don't cost a ridiculous amount of money. We went on a saturday around midnight, we were seated fairly quickly but after that everything when downhill. It took them a half hour to get us a Hookah and even longer to get our drinks...well some of our parties drinks. We had to ask two-three times for others.   Our friend ordered a blue moon, 15 minutes later when she still hadn't gotten it she managed to flag down a waitress, only to be told that they were out. The manager then came over and proceeded to talk her into buying a martini, of course they didn't tell her their martinis cost $17! It was a really bad martini too. A long Island is $10, an iced coffee with 2 shots of Kahlua is 18.50! The drinks were small and not very strong. They also only served 2 items on their menu, which makes me wonder why they even bothered giving us one.    Their hookah is very expensive. Don't be fooled by their 3+ people for $25 with 2 free refills. The first bowl you get counts as a refill, then you get 1 real refill after that.   The bathroom is also filthy, co-ed and the lock on the door is broken.   The only cool thing about this place is the decor, and it's not nearly good enough to make up for the shitty service and overpriced...everything.
For reference i went to this place Wednesday june 30th at 11pm. Where should i start with this place? First, extremely pricey and 1 drink per person minimum. Three drinks and one hookah is $42.00. second, right away service wad horrible, drinks took 20 minutes to reach our table and that is after checking on them twice just to find out the kid who was making the drinks just left them in the blender and walked upstairs to chat up two girls that I guess he was more interested in than helping paying customers. ( mind you this was at 11pm on Wednesday with only one other couple there at the time so it's not like the  kid was busy).  So that being said the hookah actually took even LONGER than the drinks about 35 mins to be exact. And after delivering the hookah it became very harsh within 4 mins of sampling it. When we went to go ask the kid at the front to fix it we found him smoking what seemed to be (and smelled like marijuana) upstairs with his little gfs. We at this point were so upset that he was not helping us at all that we demanded a refund in which he said he couldn't even give us even though we did not even touch the hookah. The kids name is Blake. Or at least that's the name he gave us lol. But I would never recommend this place and would honestly love to give it negative stars If possible. Good luck getting any kind of service here. And if you get a kid named Blake on Wednesday night good luck getting anything you ordered.
30 seconds in this posh place, and I was already excited. They had a coffee bar, the most awesome assortment of bottled beverages I've seen in ANY hookah bar, and the atmosphere--oh my, is it lavish.  It was a trap!   $15 for a one hose hookah ties the priciest I've ever paid. Wait, what's that? It's $20 just because it's a Saturday night? Now you're pushing it. Well, at least I can split the cost with my friends. Four people to a hookah will be alright, I suppose. A cover charge, you say? Five dollars for each of my friends who didn't order a hookah? Alright, now we're up to $35 for four of us to share a one hose.  But the nickel-and-diming doesn't end there. You'll also be required to purchase a drink. No hard feelings about the drink itself--the introduction to sparkling Voss ($4) was welcome. But to pay for that after the cover...isn't that a little extreme for a hookah bar?  After shelling out what felt like a ripoff, I was still ready to have my mind blown by this place. Too bad I didn't even get to sit on the second floor! I asked, and received no reason why it couldn't be done when my party was the only one in the building. If you ever have the misfortune of coming here, you'll see why that's a big deal--the second floor is the coolest little balcony you'll ever see at at a hookah bar.  So I finally get the hookah. It looked like an expensive piece, but I was displeased to see instant light coals (low quality) sitting on top. I huffed and I puffed, but could barely muster one iota of smoke. After sucking ash, I complained to the waitress, who was almost clueless about what to do.  15 minutes later, I got my hookah back. It smoked alright...too bad they used the cheapest shisha. Why charge so much when you use such a low quality product?   I can barely even call Harem a hookah bar. I think that's just a front. It's a place to sip coffee and Voss in style, that just happens to serve subpar hookahs on the side. It's the most expensive place of its kind, yet has the worst quality I have ever encountered. One star is too much, and I may never go again...unless they let me smoke on the second floor.
I HATE this place and let me tell you why. It's right down the street from my boyfriend's house so we decided to go check it out for my first hookah experience. When we got there, they were out of mostly all of the flavors and had no idea when they'd be getting more. Whatever. We settled on one they did have in stock and then were forced to get drinks. Like seriously, no sodas?? Just expensive bottled water and smoothies. So we get the smoothies. There's no smoking inside or on the 2nd floor (even though one guy did manage to get them to let him up there, I have no idea how though) so we were seated outside where we had to wait 15-20 minutes for the hookah and then another 10 minutes just for our drinks. When we did actually try the drinks, I regretted it immediately. My boyfriend thought his tasted OK at first but upon me tasting it, I told him it tasted like downing a bottle of perfume. What kind of smoothie tastes like perfume?? We were told free refill but we never did do that cause I was actually in a rush to get to class that night. So we made plans to go back and we did about a week later. The second time, we stopped at the Valero on Ranch Circle to buy our own drinks, thinking we could outsmart them and not have to buy their shitty smoothies. We get there and they were a bit busier than last time, so much so that we believe the guy that we need to wait 15 minutes for a table because all of the tables and couches inside and out were packed. But we started getting pissed when a group that came in after us got a table so my boyfriend goes over to ask the guy and he just tells us that he's waiting for us to get rid of our outside drinks. It was the owner so he had us sitting there for a half hour thinking we were getting a seat and meanwhile he knew he wouldn't give us a seat. Why didn't he tell us that when we first walked in? Customer service and having shisha in stock doesn't seem to be their priority at all so let me know when that changes, guys, cause honestly, I'd still love to give this place one last chance. Otherwise, I'll make the drive to Tempe to find a better place. I like hookah, just don't like Harem's.
Ah, Harem Hooka. How I adore your decor and general vibe. Nice lounge music, good looking people, and awesome looking hookas.   But, what the hell is up with your service? Even though there were numerous people working... the place felt like one person was tending to 50 tables... instead of 5 people tending to 15 tables.  I just don't get it, especially since for the most part once people have their hookas... you don't have to tend much to them. Now, I know Harem has food and drinks and that is keeping people busy... but still!  Also, your heat lanterns kept blowing out. Brrr. That made it a little nippy outside.  The owner guy (or that is what I am assuming he was) seemed a little bit pissed about life. Maybe he was stressed or something but he just seemed to generally be grumpy. It isn't good for the *owner* to kind of be in a pissy mood... especially seemingly toward patrons. (i.e. he was a little pissy with me when our pita and hummus order was taking 15+ minutes to come out and I told him just to cancel it).  I've gone to other hooka places and I think the "hooka experience" is much better. Maybe this is because they concentrate more on the hooka aspect of the business versus the restaurant/bar aspect. So I will say it this way... If you are looking for a trendy place for hooka... this is an awesome place. If you are wanting more of an authentic hooka with faster service... certainly try somewhere else.
I agree with the rest of the reviews; the decor and the general vibe is exceptional.  It is more expensive than the other places I usually go to, but when you are looking for a posh and chic place for special occasions, I head down to Harem.  The problems I face are as follows:  -Hookah is pricey, and so is EVERYTHING else there. -Restroom does NOT have a lock.  How difficult/expensive is it to replace the lock on a door? -The owner is unpleasant and condescending.  If there is a hole in the hose, you should not try to convince me that it does not affect the smoking when it clearly does.  -The owner is unpleasant and condescending.  You should keep the hygienic plastic pieces for the hose in stock, and if you are out just explain that you are out.  Don't give me some speech about how your hoses are cleaned thoroughly after every use.  That was not my question.  The first time I was there, there was only one server (no owner) and he was fun, attentive, nice, and pleasant.  Then the rest of the time the owner was there and it ruined my image of the place.    The owner should simply accept the fact he is not a people person, hire a manager who is, and stay away from the business.  The place would get much more business.
It was my brothers birthday and I took him to dinner at RA and saw this place across the way. I asked him if he would like to smoke hookah after and he was stoked.   Before we entered he and my other brother had a cigarette outside before they entered.    After they were done, we walked inside and asked how much it was for just 2 of us and they said 15 but all 3 of us had to buy ok drink. Ok...   We sit down and I asked the waitress what kind of beers they had, she stated she didn't know. I had to ramble of a few to figure out what I wanted.   As we are waiting for our hookah we are rudely interrupted by either the owner or manager who decides to let us know there is no smoking allowed. We look at him wondering why he is telling us this because none of us are smoking. He says you were the ones smoking outside before you came in so I just wanted to ensure you knew. Just because its a hookah bar do you really think we are going to smoke cigarettes when there are no ashtrays? We are not disrespectful like that... But maybe we look like it.   Then we start to smoke our hookah and he comes over again and tells us that our hookah doesn't look sturdy and to be careful. I then ask him, "I'm just wondering, do we look like we are rowdy? Because you have came over twice now letting us know.." I'm sure you get the point.  He says, "no, not at all. I'm just going to get you another hookah. And if you want you can move spots." As he walked away I realize he wants us to move because there are 3 of us sitting at a spot that can fit 6. Might I add its a thursday and not busy. Can we say rude? And I don't think he was going to grab us another hookah until I said something.  When we got our new hookah it was harsh and burned our throats.I asked to have then move the coals and it was prefect. Then 5 min maybe 10 min later they come by and add another coal. I thought they were just moving the ones around again. (granted I thinks its good customer service to do that but I think they should always ask)... Why? Because it was harsh again but worse. It just ruined it and we decided it was time to go.  The girls restroom doesn't have a lock (which makes me uncomfortable to use the restroom because they don't have stalls) and has writing all over the door.  The only part that we enjoyed here was when we yelped the place to see what everyone else said and got a good laugh because all the negative reviews were so true!
The only good thing about this place is the intimate setting and the beautiful decor. Otherwise, I was disappointed. The hookah was supposed to taste like coffee, pistachio and jasmine but it all blended together into a muddy mess. The drinks were overpriced. If I don't specify a rum then give me well. Don't pour me the expensive stuff. I didn't try any of the food but who goes to a hookah bar to eat anyway? All the waitstaff seemed more concerned with restocking the fridge with redbull than asking me if I wanted another drink. The absolute worst part was the music. A DJ came in and started playing Pussycat Dolls and Eminem. What is it, 2005? Current music played at an appropriate volume would have been nice instead of blaring hits from six year ago. I won't go back.
Would give this place zero or negative stars if possible.  Service was awful, drinks were mediocre and they don't tell you that they charge "for seating".  So we ended up paying a lot of money for a very negative experience.
If I could give negative stars I certainty would be giving a negative 10.  At first it seemed like a cool chill hang out but then all of  a sudden you realize you have been here for 30 minutes and list to the crappy music.   The guy charged us for other peoples stuff, changed prices everytime he told us why our bill was too high.  Blamed our friend for not paying (when in fact they did). End of story we paid way for stuff we didnt get ( disputing with BofA in morning) and the guy was a big ass and ended with a glass a water in his face with everyone clapping.  I would not go there agian unless you plan on paying for stuff you dont get, Crappy service, Crappy DJ with music way too loud and a bill higher than my house payment for 40 minutes of hooka time.  This place wont be around long , service sucks, owner is a jerk , and her charges you for thing you didnt get.  Plus prices change if you question it so he doesnt even know how much stuff costs he makes is up as he goes.  DO NOT GO HERE IT IS A WAIST OF YOUR TIME AND MONEY
Overpriced drinks. Terrible service. Was overcharged. Only redeeming quality was the tobacco was top notch. Would not recommend.
I came here on a Sunday night, nobody was there and I was actually his first customer. Hookah was overpriced for what it was and we paid before we even got the hookah. It was 30 dollars and you have to order at least one drink. He did tell us that we had to wait 10 minutes for the coals to warm up even though it took around 20 minutes. We smoked hookah for about 3 minutes before it got harsh and we had to practically hunt down the employee to fix it. Overall, it was a "whatever" experience. Decor was beautiful and they do have a full bar. However, I won't be back. If you want good hookah and easy prices, you're better off going to Tempe.
As a hookah frequent, I have to say Harem has to be the biggest waste of money iv ever spent at a hookah lounge.  The other reviews are pretty accurate. The wait staff sucks, oh wait...there's only ONE employee ever working (if that qualifies as a wait staff). The hookah is always too harsh. The quality of shisha is nothing to write home about. ONE hookah and two waters totalled 35.00 !!! & when I handedn the cashier 40.00 in 20 dollar bills he asked me if I had exact change because he had no twenties or ones. Like I stated before,  waste of $$$. It only gets one star because the decor is cute. But then again, id rather sit in a basic lounge with good shisha and fair prices. Fail.
Okay so I am a total hypocrite by giving this place one star considering the fact that I have been here more than once. Anyways, FOR THE PEOPLE WHO HAVE NEVER BEEN HERE....  Located next to RA, which is pretty busy like all day, surprisingly, this place is never busy(but I personally love empty hookah lounges). The lounge is very attractive. This place appears to be very upscale. There is a full bar and the menus light up which is pretty neat. There is also an upstairs and outside seating area.  The MAJOR downfalls about this place are that there is usually just one person working. It's the same guy that's been in there everytime I went. He is very inconsistent on checking on you to see if you need more coals or not. He actually isn't even in the front half of the time. Everytime I got a hookah, it has always been harsh. EVERYTIME.  Also, the prices are "go f*ck yourself" ridiculous. Extremely high for what you get. The shisha isn't a very good quality in general and to have the audacity to charge $30.00 for a single one hose, this is unacceptable under all circumstances. YA YOU'RE A NICE LOOKING LOUNGE BUT...if you give me halfass hookah, how am I supposed to enjoy myself? Why did I come here again since I had such a bad experience?...well, it's convient to me and I'm too lazy to travel.  If you are a regular hookah smoker, or just in the mood to smoke, you're better off traveling the extra 10 minutes to Tempe.
The first time my group and I went it was a blast the owner was super nice. We went again this past Friday and the service was terrible. He was rude. We paid 10 bucks. Person the first time and then he upped it to 20 bucks saying "i was being nice". We asked for water and he said "go get it yourself". Was in our faces for no reason and we just left. Because of the wishy washy service we left and went to Hubbly Bubbly in Tempe and it was amazing and great service. Not to mention no wishy washy service.
We got ripped off!!!! I went here last Saturday night. The price in the menu for hookah is $25. When we went to pay our tab, the owner said it was $20 each, including the person in our party who did not smoke and only had water. Not only were we deceived about pricing, the service was mediocre, if not below average. Don't come here.
8/20 This grocery-slash-eatery reminds me more of Cafe Istanbul in terms of its lighter traffic than that of Haji-Baba's eatery and market.  Some of the items on the shelves had a light blanket of dust... Ordered the beef kabob (2 pcs.) platter, with lettuce, onions, hummus, and two pitas.  The kabobs were tasty, even though they were slightly overdone in temperature.  Liked the pitas, disliked the hummus.  I couldn't taste any flavors from the chickpeas, tahini, or spices.  Just that of an oil I couldn't even place its origin.  As I was finishing up the kabobs and pita, I spied two young men enjoying their beef shawarmas, so I ordered one to-go.  Got into my car and couldn't wait to have a bite...  I should've gone with my first choice (of beef shawarma)- this was a very tasty selection.  I'd come back to order it again.  I also enjoyed a Lebanese baked dessert, almost cake-like, with two distinct layers- slightly sweet cheese, reminiscent of dried-out ricotta and cream cheese, on the bottom and golden-orange wheat (semolina?), topped with crushed pistachios.  A side sauce dish of simple syrup accompanied the dessert.  I had asked the woman behind the counter two times what the dish was called, and she didn't sound too confident in telling me that she knew it as "shmeer."  (It's the closest thing I could decipher.  Perhaps "shmeed" might be a better word... can anyone help me?)  The ff. is the closest image I found to what I think I had.  (If so, then my dessert was missing the ashtar topping, a type of clotted cream, pictured below.)  The dessert I bought doesn't even come close to approaching the wow factor of this link's image... Kanefe/Knefeh.  http://grabyourfork.blogspot.com/2007/08/rabeih-sweets-punchbowl.html
What is the hype people????I went here for lunch after seeing all the awesome  reviews, but I was disappointed. First, the menu is very hard to understand (see the pic that someone posted). I ordered the chicken shwarma sandwich and hummus platter. There isn't much of a drink selection in the tiny fridge. For soda, all they had was the cans and they charged $1.00 for them. Later, while I was eating I noticed a lot of people were buying their drinks from the market, then coming over to order their food (pain in the ass if you ask me). Anyhow, so I was only 1 of a few people there and the food took quite a while. When they finally called my order I went up and asked for the "garlic sauce" that I heard so much about on here and the lady said it would cost $1.00. I said nevermind because I wasn't going to pay that for a small container of condiment! I was surprised at how small the sandwich was. It wasn't  impressive either. Just a grilled flatbread with a few pieces of  chicken, a few tomato slices, lettuce, and a little sauce. In my opinion this wasn't worth 3.99, but more worth 2.50 or something because of its size and how little filling there was.The hummus was good, but  nothing spectacular. This place is also in a dodgy part of town right across from project housing...literally right across the street. The market was pretty cool though and I'll prob return (during the daylight of course) for some olives, olive oil, and pita. BUT will skip out on dining here.
I used to love you, Al-Hana.  I have fond memories of enjoying good food and good company while sitting at your little wobbly tables and chairs.  I fell in love with your babaghannuj.  Yes, you had a lot going for you.  I was disappointed, but kept coming back, when you decided to raise the price on Every Single Item I Like, while making all of the portions smaller.  I understood that you have to pay for those new glossy menus with the pretty pictures somehow even though I liked the old menu board with the plastic letters just fine, thanks.  I settled for slow and sometimes surly service from your staff.  Why?  Because I loved you.   Well, I think our one-sided relationship has come to an end.  That last visit - you know, the one where you gave our food to another customer (uh, you were confused?), and left us waiting for over 35 minutes without an apology while fulfilling orders for people who arrived and ordered much much later?  That will be my last one.    I especially will cherish the charming way in which the 'manager' grudgingly provided a refund for the food I never received.  "Do you want to return the water as well?"  Um, no.  Since I had to get it out of the cooler myself, I actually received that portion of what I ordered.  Thanks.  Keep your rising prices and shrinking portions.  You are no longer worth my affection.
Food in this place is alright and it is a little overpriced compare to other MiddleEaster eateries.  I ordered Lamb Kebob sandwich. It tasted alright not something I will ever order again. It had only three small  pieces lamb and the rest was vegetable.   I won't eat here again that is for sure. I rather do the drive and go to Haji Baba
The food was at best mediocre and the service was slow even though it was completely empty.  Not recommended.  Masala Bay on Regina and Erb has much better Indian food.
This was the worst Indian food I've ever tried in Canada. I went there for their buffet and it was absolutely horrible. Everything was bland and you can tell they reuse their old chicken in their curries. The best Indian restaurant in the KW area is definitely Empress of India. Avoid Masala Bay as they reuse old food.
Not bad, if you're looking for a quick Indian food fix. It's a buffet, with all regulars. The saag paneer wasn't bad, just very little cheese, and the butter chicken was decent. The goat curry seemed like it had a lot of bones in it, but my coworker enjoyed it. The server was good, and very polite. If I was staying at the Hampton inn and had to rush through dinner I'd go back, but I'd pass otherwise.
Only went here one time. I'd ordered a kabobs meal from there and didn't like it. Pricey for not so enjoyable meal. People are friendly, but I'm not so sure about the food.
there are better greek/mediterranean places around.
I ordered the chicken shawarma plus fries and small soda for an additional $2.00. I also ordered hummus.  1. The chicken was plain grilled chicken. It was NOT even shawarma (meat that is grilled on a spit and shaved off). The lettuce and tomato was dry. And there were pickles, not even picked veggies...WTF? The pita was at least warmed up. 2. Fries were acceptable. 3. The texture of the hummus was smooth but boring. It didn't even have a distinct chickpea flavor. 4. Ambience: It looks like it's going to go out of business soon. It was kind of depressing.  This experience really made me miss Zankou Chicken in California.
This place is mediocre at best. I've come here several times because it is close to my workplace. Each time I somehow managed to get screwed over. It's come to the point where I come back with the curiosity to find out how I could get screwed this time. It's quite comical. Other than that, the food isn't that bad and I'll keep coming cause Greek food is healthier than fast food.
I will not return. For the third time, I ordered a falafel with NO TOMATOES to go, confirmed with the person who handed me my food that no tomatoes were involved, then returned home to find tomatoes. The first time, I just threw it out because I did not have time to return (allergic - can't just take them off - and told them this when I ordered.) Second time I went back and they had just run out of falafel so they could not re-make my food. I got a schwarma instead and did not like it. Just got home and yet again there are tomatoes in my falafel sandwich! I called to tell them I would not be back and then got on Yelp. Absolutely ridiculous that they have not once made me a falafel sans tomatoes yet I have ordered it 3 times! Plus prices went up $1 since last time! So I have now spent almost $20 on falafel there and the only thing I even ate from those orders was a fatty schwarma.
Sometimes things are not as good the 2nd time around. I first became aware of Manna at the San Gennaro Feast when after wandering around food purgatory, the scent of their food saved me. I loved their food  then and was looking forward to checking out their main location on Gibson Rd. just North of the I-215.   When I walked in I was the only customer. There was a man and woman sitting at a table talking and the man got up when I came in and went behind the counter. I placed my order for Garlic Chicken (Shawarma), a side of fries and a fountain drink. Nothing too adventurous, stick with the relative safe stuff was the mindset.   I have a problem with merchants that make you sign debit card receipts for purchases under $25. Manna is one of those places who hasn't figured out that you don't have to do this anymore. But moving past the pet peeve I'm handed a drink cup and turn to the fountain...which is disgusting. It's sitting on a stainless steel counter which makes it easy to clean. But this was not clean, far from it. I wish I had snapped a picture of it to illustrate the problem. I managed to carefully make my drink and look around for any utensils...those are up by the main counter and not logically placed at all. And there are no napkins to be found. None. So I grab what I can and look for a table to sit at.   My table choices are ick, ickier, and no, I don't think so. Does anyone know how to wield the almighty wash cloth or sponge here? Doesn't seem like it. I find a table that has minimal ick and have a seat. My food arrives pretty quick...as it's being prepared I see two guys in the back, one of them sharpening knives and then carving my chicken on the spot so this looked good. But what came to my table was boring food! Garlic chicken? I didn't taste ANY garlic in my food. None. And the chicken was also dry. Thank goodness for the fries, as they were just as good as the ones I had at the San Gennaro Feast. They kept me from going hungry and having a flavorless lunch.   This place represents my fear of trying new places in a nutshell. I get the courage up to go in and try something new...and then I get bleech, unmemorable food. While I was sitting there the guy working the counter stepped outside and looked at his Open sign It was on, but I knew why nobody was coming in. When the guy working the counter leaves dirty trays and half eaten food sitting on top of the trash can while he watches South Park, and the food they served seems to have missed out on any kind of spices much less garlic it becomes quite clear they've got problems.   How this place stays in business is a testament to divine intervention. It's a guardian angel keeping this place open, not the quality of their food. At least the guardian angel keeps you from needing the kaopectate afterwards. If you dare to try it I don't suggest leaving a tip, bring them a clean sponge or pack of dish cloths instead.   1 star: The french fries earned it, nothing else did.
Gross, gross, gross.  All the tables were sticky and disgusting.  When I asked for napkins to clean the table (they were behind the counter), the male employee gave me ONE.  After I specified that the table was really dirty.  He really should have offered to wipe it down for me, but instead, I was handed a single napkin.  Incredible.  The food wasn't good.  My gyro meat was chewy and dry, like it had been left out or something.  I actually couldn't eat it.  My side was a Greek salad, which was (for the lack of a better term) soupy.  There was so much dressing that it made a mess of my plate and all the lettuce was soggy.   If you're nearby and want to have some (much better) Greek food, try The Great Greek.
Having eaten Mediterranean food all my life this is bad food for the price. There are other better Mediterranean joints around this place that's for sure.
The first time I came here I ordered the gyro and chicken salad.  They were both pretty good.   I stopped by because of the ad on the front of the building showing Shwarma.  Unfortunately, it was friday 5pm and they were sold out until Monday?  three days with out having one of their big advertised items?  The guy at the front desk is not friendly.  Seems to really not like his job, may be related to the owners and forced to work there??!? I decided to come back and see if they had Shwarma - Tuesday, and they had it.  I ordered the Shwarma, took it home only to be disappointed.  It was very dry, hard to find any sauce, and wrapped in a stale pita. I have had better Shwarma from a stand at the Mall.  I will not be coming back for Shwarma here.
This is the worst place I have eaten in Henderson! The service is awful I dont even think the owners know when someone comes into the place to eat. I practically had to yell to get some some service. That and the food is awful!!!! avoid this place at all costs.
This was my first Gyro experience; I wasn't impressed. Since then I've had better Gyros. I don't know what it was, but it just wasn't good.
I love Gyros and this wasn't the place to get a good one.  There are way better places around the Henderson area to get one.  Prices seemed too high as well
The food itself seems bland and the rice seemed old. Would rather go to the great greek.
I live pretty close to this place so I figured I'd stop in & give it a try. The woman was not very friendly, but I tipped her anyway. I ordered a chicken gyro/salad combo & took it to go. I got home & it was not chicken but lamb. I don't eat lamb, so I called & told them about the error & placed a new order. When I walked in, the woman who had taken my order didn't even look at me much less offer an apology for the inconvenience. The man was nice, but he didn't apologize either.  The food was okay, but the chicken was kind of bland. I'm sorry, but quality of service is just as important as the quality of the food. Not sure I'll be back.
I was really hoping for good food.   I knew when I walked in and saw a mile long deli case, plastic chairs and tables up against the wall and dim lighting that there was no ambiance or service to be had.   The shawarma was dry (how do you do that?), the rice tasteless, the kabobs greasy & bland and the hummus almost inedible.   The service was non existent.   Go to Pita Jungle or go to Tempe or Gilbert and go to Phoenicia.   Kabob Inn is not going to last with the food & service that they're providing.   This hurts my heart as I wish independently owned businesses would thrive in the area, and I miss good mediterranean food being a Dearborn native.  Very sad.
I too had the lunch special and thought for the price it was a good deal. My pita bread was ice cold and stale, which sort of put a damper on the whole meal. I was expecting more. I liked the variety of meat selections served with the lunch special, but the steak was grizzly. Also, the rice was just okay - it was a tad dry. Also, the decor and ambiance was nothing special and sort of depressing. I'll probably go back and try them again, but I'm not racing back.
So stopped by this place for lunch today.  I've been driving past it for quite some time, waiting for the right time to stop in, well today was my not so lucky day.  Our experience started out just fine, we were welcomed with a nice genuine smile and we sat wherever  we liked in a very comfortable homey atmosphere.   We perused the simple menu (that was filthy dirty) and decided on a falafel sandwich and the tikka sandwich(lamb and beef).  We were promplty advised that he didn't have sandwiches and we had to order a dinner platter.  Mind you, there are no prices on the dirty menu, aside from the modestly priced sandwiches.  So we opted for chicken and falafel.  We also ordered a side of hummus $2.50.    Our food came out and everything was okay.  The falafel was the best thing, but as the other revues read came with the plate of veggies/pickles yogurt sauce and some pita.  At this point I'm looking down at everything that would be on a sandwich, including pita bread...but "we have no sandwich"....UM OKAY!!      It was alot of food, we picked untill we had our fill and then the check came.  Well, the verbal bill was $34.  WHAT?????  $34 DOLLARS FOR LUNCH, THIS IS NOT RUTHS CHRIS STEAKHOUSE...AND THE FOOD WAS AVERAGE!!!!! (I thought to myself!) So I was about to pay..when I was like no way..  I went over to the menu on the wall.  They were over charging me $10.00.  I graciously confronted the son enquiring why it cost so much.  The father immediately chimed in from the kitchen and walked out with a raised voice being confrontational.    Ok, I'm never out to get something for free... this was alot of money for 2 for lunch..c'mon.  He barges out of the kitchen with a hand full of ground meat ..yes raw ground meat! Then he hands the fist full of raw meat to his son out in the restaurant.  His son whom has been handling money grabs the raw meat and heads to the kitchen.  Then he begins typing numbers into the register ..I'm correcting him on the prices as I'm reading them from the wall.  He keeps trying to charge me 3.50 for yogurt sauce which we did not order and presumed was part of the meal, as it would've been to dry to palate with out it.  NO QUESTION.  I keep telling him, sir we did not order the yogurt sauce, you just keep trying to charge us for it...  After an upsetting escalated several minutes we came to an understanding that the bill was $24.  As per prices posted on the wall and what we had ordered.  He made us feel like we were trying to pull one over on him, when actually it was the other way around.  I handed him $30 dollars and promptly left.  THIS WAS A HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE.  I was really hoping to love this place.  I love supporting local business, and I love middle eastern food.  I wish them the best.
So stopped by this place for lunch today.  I've been driving past it for quite some time, waiting for the right time to stop in, well today was my not so lucky day.  Our experience started out just fine, we were welcomed with a nice genuine smile and we sat wherever  we liked in a very comfortable homey atmosphere.   We perused the simple menu (that was filthy dirty) and decided on a falafel sandwich and the tikka sandwich(lamb and beef).  We were promplty advised that he didn't have sandwiches and we had to order a dinner platter.  Mind you, there are no prices on the dirty menu, aside from the modestly priced sandwiches.  So we opted for chicken and falafel.  We also ordered a side of hummus $2.50.    Our food came out and everything was okay.  The falafel was the best thing, but as the other revues read came with the plate of veggies/pickles yogurt sauce and some pita.  At this point I'm looking down at everything that would be on a sandwich, including pita bread...but "we have no sandwich"....UM OKAY!!      It was alot of food, we picked untill we had our fill and then the check came.  Well, the verbal bill was $34.  WHAT?????  $34 DOLLARS FOR LUNCH, THIS IS NOT RUTHS CHRIS STEAKHOUSE...AND THE FOOD WAS AVERAGE!!!!! (I thought to myself!) So I was about to pay..when I was like no way..  I went over to the menu on the wall.  They were over charging me $10.00.  I graciously confronted the son enquiring why it cost so much.  The father immediately chimed in from the kitchen and walked out with a raised voice being confrontational.    Ok, I'm never out to get something for free... this was alot of money for 2 for lunch..c'mon.  He barges out of the kitchen with a hand full of ground meat ..yes raw ground meat! Then he hands the fist full of raw meat to his son out in the restaurant.  His son whom has been handling money grabs the raw meat and heads to the kitchen.  Then he begins typing numbers into the register ..I'm correcting him on the prices as I'm reading them from the wall.  He keeps trying to charge me 3.50 for yogurt sauce which we did not order and presumed was part of the meal, as it would've been to dry to palate with out it.  NO QUESTION.  I keep telling him, sir we did not order the yogurt sauce, you just keep trying to charge us for it...  After an upsetting escalated several minutes we came to an understanding that the bill was $24.  As per prices posted on the wall and what we had ordered.  He made us feel like we were trying to pull one over on him, when actually it was the other way around.  I handed him $30 dollars and promptly left.  THIS WAS A HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE.  I was really hoping to love this place.  I love supporting local business, and I love middle eastern food.  I wish them the best.
Lets get the positives out of the way first. Okay now that we have covered that, lets move on to what is wrong with this place.   Oh Yelpers you did me wrong on this one. Of course they might have been having an off day but I will never know.   I want to be very clear that in no way did the black hair in my tzatziki sauce effect my rating of this restaurant, as a matter of fact it was the attitude of the employees about the hair that didn't do them any favors. I realize that humans (most) have hair and from time to time one wanders into food, and that is a part of life. Not worth getting hot and bothered about in my mind. But when I show it to you and you show it to the cook, then proceed to dish up another dish of it (all the while talking in your native tongue so I have no idea what you are saying) and simply hand it to me with a "there you go." ??? Really? No "sorry about that" even? No good kids.   Okay there were some good things, the prepubescent version of the tzatziki sauce was one of the best I have ever had, and the rice was cooked to perfection. However comma what I was served was not what I had envisioned from past experience, what I was served was chicken soy sauce stir-fry with onions, A Greek salad that was reasonably fresh but soaked in vinegar dressing.   And the final nail in the coffin were the mini wedges of dried out stale pita bread. What I am I supposed to do with this? How about a freshly warmed whole pita or flat bread so I can put the ingredients inside like a wrap? It was like trying to pile meat, rice, sauce and lettuce onto a really thick corn  chip.   I recommend taking a pass on this place, or if you feel if you do, don't get the "shawarma" plate.   BTW, this is how Shawarma meat should be cooked. http://www.sanobar.com.sg/images/shawarma-org.jpg   Notice no goopy reduced soy sauce mess? Blechk!
Awful... not even mediocre. I am giving them one star out of sheer awe that they have managed to stay open this long.  I am shocked at the positive reviews and can only surmise that the owners have lots of family and friends or there are a lot of folks in this area who just don't know any better.
The gyro was okay.  The hummus tasted store-bought and the baklava which was supposedly made by Grandma was disgusting.
This place used to be good. There was a change of ownership and if I had to review in one word, it would be:  GREASE  all the food was too greasy. The string beans side was swimming in oil. The beef in the shwarma was tough and chewy. The gyro was much better but it was still too greasy. The baba ganoush was so bad we threw it out, having hardly eaten any of it. Disappointing, won't go back.  2ND VISIT  I lied. We went back. A sequel so lame you could call it Grease 2. GREASE. SWIMMING IN GREASE. Gross.  Also the baba ganoush is stringy. I've never had it stringy anywhere else. Maybe somewhere in the world they make it that way, who knows. Don't like it that way. We had baba ganoush last night at Pita Jungle and it is sooooo good and it's not stringy.
My friends and I came here as a celebratory meal after exams. After we were seated we soon were told (to our horror) that they didn't serve alcohol . This doesn't really ever define our dining experience except this was a celebratory meal of rather gruesome exam period.  Too ashamed to get up and leave we proceeded to order. Our food came and to be frank with you it left me feeling very indifferent. Despite the exotic feel to the shop, the food was rather bland and well uninteresting despite their names. Food from this area is usually rich with spices but it felt like they forgot half the spices and gave us a bland variety which I guess the great British public would consider exotic but for us (mostly international students from areas close to that region) left us feeling a bit cheated. We also wanted to smoke a (rather overpriced) sisha pipe but were told we couldn't cause it was too early in the day (?).  Having said that the service was really efficient and friendly. The view from the windows is grand as you look down on Old Town rooftops.  I hope this was a one-off experience and their cuisine has improved a bit since then. Some friends of mine who went (not those who were with me) said they really enjoyed their meal. I hope to come here again... watch this space.
Okay, I'm very divided about this review.  First of all, let me say that the service was absolutely top-notch. Very friendly staff and lovely ambiance. And because of that I really, really, really, wanted to give this place more than one star,  but in all honesty, I can't.  Here's what happened last night: I was with a group of friends and I ordered a starter as a main (I tend to eat smaller portions). While the rest of my friends seemed rather happy with their choices, one was very happy the rest meh-ish happy, I received three falafel balls on shredded lettuce with a small cup of humus.  It was so disappointing, I don't even know where to start. The falafel were deep fried for so long that they were clearly burned on the outside, dark-dark brown almost blackened. There was no moisture, none, left in them. The shell of the falafel, what should have been a thin crispy crust, had turned into a half an inch thick uncrackable concrete-like substance. I had to hack away at it (really) with my knife to get at the inside, which was dry and tasted like sawdust with a tiny hint of chickpea.  AND because I didn't want to ruin my friends birthday by complaining about my food, I ate it like a good little girl and suffered a massive stomach ache for the rest of the evening. No wonder, those balls were so hard they would have shattered like glass had I thrown them on the floor. And that's also what they felt like in my stomach, shards of glass.  Now, the rest of the group was -let me reiterate- okay with their choices. No matter that the bread that came with it was kinda bland and the humus was ... well,... meh.   Maybe I should give this place another chance, but I really don't want to suffer through another brick-induced 6-hour stomach ache again. This was a horrible experience.
I really wanted to like this place, however I found the food to be lacking in flavour even the Chilli Gosht Kebab lacked heat, the green chillies (all 2 of them I suspect) seemed to be for colour and effect with the flavour removed!  As for the veg shila sauces that accompany dishes like the biryani, the two I tried were just uninspired and not in the least bit interesting.  Two stars because the staff were professional and friendly, however I won't be back... Perhaps Middle Eastern food just isn't for me.
I came here with a friend to smoke shisha a few weeks back. They don't have a separate area inside to smoke so you have to sit at the tables outside. It.was.freezing. And our umbrella blew over on us... This place has some pretty decent food, but if your looking to smoke shisha with your dinner, a better place that has separate smoke rooms that are warm is "Pomegranate" over in new town.
The restaurant lobby was just dirt.  Tables tops sticky.
I had high hopes for this place. However when I am trying to order and the cook's son is behind the counter screaming at him to pay attention to him, throwing a fit, pulling on his dads clothes and yelling, I don't really want to spend anymore time in the place. However I was starving, so I ordered anyway. Had a chicken gyro, it was skimpy. Been to places that offer a lot more for your money. Then while eating the child continued to scream and the mother made some weak attempts to tell him to be quiet. My advice is hire a babysitter or stay home with the kid, this isn't a daycare, it's a food establishment. You'll lose money.
I ate there last night, party of four. Had wait of 25 minutes. Food was just OK. Wonder what all reviews saw in this place. Disappointing. Never again.
I feel sorry for anybody to think that this is good Mediterranean or Middle Eastern cuisine. I am from Dearborn Michigan the  largest Middle Eastern community America.I had Middle Eastern food and Mediterranean food made in people's homes that tastes better than this stuff they sell. A diet -conscious friend  and I was hungry so we decided to go there. I ordered the spinach pie thinking it would be good but the spinach pie was deep  and full of grease I never had  spinach pie  deep fried.. It literally made me sick me  to my stomach the guy will meet with like beef shavings wasn't even on authentic shawama bread he didn't even press it to prepare.some pieces of  the meat had had fat on it I orders a fatoush salada that not hard to make that was fair. The cook/owner even got a little upset with me when I was questioning him about the preparation of my sandwich. I would never visit there again and You don't believe me for yourself try some food here and go to another nearby Middle East restaurant that's not too far from them they make real Shawarma,s and try the food there and see for yourself !
Im sad to say that Shako Mako/Babylon Gyros has probably lost my business. Today was the deciding factor. Previous visit they charged me for substituting humus for tzasiki sauce aomething they were always kind to di. And today when we placed an order we were told it would be an additional charge to put the salad's cheese on the side. And according to them because of the container. And then because it more cheese on the side than the actual salad. Lame excuse. Idk what happened to them but this time was just the turning point. I guess il make the drive to Pita Kitchen on 99th ave those people seemed to be overly kind. Shako Mako you were my favorite place, now it wont ever happen again. It was you not me lets make it clear. Bye.
I ordered delivery.  The food was decent at best. The customer service is great. I'm a picky customer, I am allergic to tomatos so I always ask people to keep them off whatever I'm ordering, they definitely did that. However, I asked for the tsatziki on the side (of my gyro) and they didn't include any at all, not a big deal. Mistakes happen. When I opened the container of the hummus I ordered, it looked like someone vomited in a to-go box. It was horrible. The gyro itself wasn't bad, but sans the tsatziki, it was bland (that's me being nice). Definitely won't order from here again. Like I said, great customer service for the most part, horrible food. Yuck.
I ordered a delivery and was very sad to try their food.  Everything was soggy and cold and tasteless.  I had ordered spanakopita, falafel, beef sandwich, and French fries.  I found the quality and quantity seriously lacking.  The presentation was non-existent and looked like  it had been sitting around for a long time in the styrofoam boxes.  It ended up to be very costly, and as far as we were concerned, a total waste of money.
We recently called from the office for delivery from Flaming Kabob... and that was a flaming mistake.  The pitas were pita-ful, the 'fresh' juices a watery mess, and the fries were actually melted into their plastic container.  I have no experience of eating inside the restaurant and am unlikely to do so after this disaster.
The food is excellent, of that there is no doubt, but the service recently has completely gone down the drain.  When we ordered from them we were told thirty minute delivery time - it took an hour. We ordered three gyros and more and only half the order was delivered. When we called to make this matter known we were met with a rude manager that could barely be bothered to fix the service issue.   It's been an hour and a half since the original order was placed and we are STILL waiting for our food. Food that was paid for in full.  Absolutely terrible customer service.
got the lunch special. nothing special about it. pita and french fries were store bought. I asked for no onions and guess what I got. would not go there again.
The gyros are okay, just okay.  Way overpriced but real quick on deliveries which is a plus.
way too expensive! $27 for the worst dolmades i've had and 1 entree that was ok(edible) best part is when they called to get directions,i was reminded it was $27 plus tip!
The food tastes pretty good, however, the service is what makes this place a '1 star' for me.   Both times I have gone there the server has gotten my order wrong and has tried to make it seem like it is my fault. For example: the first time I went there, I asked for a grape leave pita sandwich and he brought me a tabouli sandwich. I told him that  that was not what I ordered and he said that that was what I told him but he would get me the grape leave sandwich anyways.  I went back there again tonight for take out and told the server  that I wanted the daily special with a grape leave sandwich and a side salad, a side of rice, and a yogurt drink. He asked me if I wanted a side of pita and I said yes. When I got home, I opened my food up and all I got was a large side salad, large side of rice, pitas, and a yogurt drink. I called Flaming Kabob and told them what happened and the server said that he didn't charge me for a sandwich and that he charged me for what I got.   I really don't understand how he thought that I ordered a large side salad when I clearly said that I wanted the Daily Special which was written on the board by the cash register and it said that you get a pita sandwich and a side. I also checked the pricing for what I was 'supposedly' charged for and it did not add up. I even gave him a dollar tip... which I wish I could take back now.  **Also, the side salad was horrible. It says on their menu that a side salad includes lettuce, cabbage, cucumbers, tomatoes, and dressing. The side salad that I got had mostly lettuce, a few tomatoes, and couple pieces of cabbage, and no cucumbers.
Had to listen to the server and two customers talk about how they dislike America and that there own countries are much better.  Once they started bashing the US military we couldn't take it and left after displaying our military IDs when paying.  Food was okay.
I'll start with the not-so-bad: the food was fine. I shared the shawarma and gyro - they weren't spectacular, or great, but fine. But if you really want to try the food, I'd recommend takeout or delivery, since the service and environment really ruined the experience for me.  We went on a warmer night, and the dining room wasn't noticeably air conditioned. They had the door propped open, but it was still pretty warm inside. We were the only ones in the restaurant, but the food didn't come particularly quickly (maybe they were working on takeout orders as well?). We'd only had our food for a couple of minutes when our meal was interrupted by a pretty big moth, which had flown in through the open door. Our server started swatting at the moth with a rag, hitting the fans when it flew toward the light bulbs. As he swatted the fans, we could literally see dust falling from the fan blades. This went on for maybe 5 minutes, during which he stood on chairs and tables, and we stood outside and waited. Eventually he killed the moth, apologized briefly, and we didn't see him again until he brought the check. Frankly, it was hard to think about the food after that, and I wouldn't have been surprised if our meal had been complimentary.  Obviously, some aspects of the meal were anomalies, but some of them were pretty alarming regardless - things like falling dust, standing on tables, and rags being used for... well... not cleaning. Unfortunately, the food wasn't good enough to redeem the experience. I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.
The food was fine . I went to this restaurant several times but last time Was very bad because the server does not know how to deal good with costumers
I would give negative stars if I could!!! I ordered my food with NO NUTS because of my allergy! Not only did they put nuts in my food the manager showed up and tried to blame me for it!!! Terrible! And now I'm breaking out in hives!
Had dinner here one Saturday evening before going to a show at the Improv. It is a dive-y little place, which is fine with me, just know what to expect. Service was a little slow considering there were 3-4 parties dining. I had the gyro plate with fries and my friend had a platter with lentil soup. She seemed to enjoy it, my meal was good though not the greatest gyro I've ever had. Probably won't return
DON'T EAT HERE! The food isn't very great, tiny portions and the "waiter" forces what he thinks he should be tipped on to your check all on his own.   This place sucks. While the food was simply OK, the portion was as small as they could make it. The service on the other hand was GARBAGE!!! We walked in and the waiter or buss boy or whatever he was just stood there telling us about food while we waited for him to show us a table. So I ended up sitting down on my own and he followed me. He forgot my friends order or fry's TWICE, he didn't check on our drinks once and to top it off he added a 15% tip to the check on his own? Never had that happen before at a fast food restaurant with a party of 3 people.  I will never eat here again, this place SUCKS!
The employees here are very rude.
So I go in to order dinner for carry-out (you cant eat in the "restaurant" because it seats a total of 3 people) and I start telling the cashier what I want.  A guy comes out from the back and says they are closing in an hour (actually it was 4:45 and the sign said they closed at 6:00) and he is not going to start cooking anything.  I said "Please.  You don't close for more than an hour".  He says "No.  Its too late" and then turns away and starts talking and laughing with someone.   Maybe they don't need the business.  Today Afandi lost a customer.
I read that the service was poor, and, my fellow Yelpers, you don't lie.  We were greeted with a generous helping of silence, followed by disbelief when my friends tried to order off the menu for lunch.  I can't take them anywhere, but it was my fault, I know that they won't do a buffet.  So, after being told that it would take a while, we were informed that the gyro would not be coming.  After that, my friends watched me enjoy the buffet, which was followed by my friend who was now on a forced diet because his gyro didn't make it and me watching friend number two eat.  The food is actually good, and I love buffets, but I don't think we'll be going back.
One server, one cook, one guy making bread. Had a Groupon so didn't do the buffet. Ordered two dips and had to ask for more bread. Also had to flag down server to order drinks. A wait for our meals and not much meat that was dry and overcooked. Maybe dinner or the buffet is better but having been to that part of the world and had that food, I wasn't impressed enough to be back. My Groupon was for $40 so when I got my bill and it said a discount for less and the amount I figured I owed wasn't the same as what I was told, I asked the server. She said she couldn't help me because the owner did the bill and she couldn't fix it. Seriously? Not good!
My husband, daughter and I arrived for dinner. Besides us, there was only 1 couple there.  Service was extremely poor and the food was less than good.  It took us 15 minutes to get our drinks and when I needed a refill, I had to go to the bar and get it myself.  The man told me that he was busy!  He was watching TV!!!!!  One hour later - we FINALLY get our food and my husband's lamb was cold in the center.  It was obviously microwaved and not long enough to heat the center.   The pita bread had raw dough in the center and my meal was just OK.  A bellydancer asked me how my meal was and I told her that we were a little disappointed.  She went and got the owner, who would not even let me explain why we were unhappy - all he heard was "my husband's lamb is cold" and he cut me off and ran off with his plate and brought back the same plate - microwaved more.  He needs to learn to listen to the customer, especially when they have a valid complaint.  It was a total waste of time and money.  It took us over 2 hours to get out of there and the place was almost empty.    Mijana has become our family's inside joke. When we are hungry, we say "how about Mijana?" and we all start laughing.    There are much better middle-eastern restaurants in the valley and we will never be back to Mijana.
Food took forever to arrive and when it did, it was a disappointment. Salad was quite sour, and the grill meats was dry and didn't have much flavor to it. Didn't seem like much food, but the bill sure was a surprise!!  The only interesting thing they have is belly dancing and salsa dancing for the night.
I went there recently for an event that had over 130 people.  The event leader said she had told the owner far in advance of the event and of the amount of people.    The service was predictably slow, but I mean reaaaaaallllllyyyyyy slow.  They only had 2 servers, yes 2.  We had to get up and get the server, get our own water and drinks at the bar they were so overwhelmed.  This is OK at an Arbys, but not at a restaurant.    My rating isn't for the servers, they did their best to keep up, my rating is for the owner who really didn't care.
If only the food and service matched the looks!    While it looks plain from the outside, Mijana is large and open inside, combining a fairly casual atmosphere with near fine dining visual appeal.  If I was basing this review on the look of restaurant alone, with its tall ceilings and long family-style tables, it would certainly get a 5 star rating!  HOWEVER, Mijana is probably the most over-priced and over-rated restaurant in the entire area!  With Middle Eastern and Mediterranean food not as popular as Italian and Asian fare, many of Mijana's close competitors shut their doors in response to these tough financial times and I can only guess that this lack of options/alternatives is responsible for Mijana receiving any positive reviews at all!  I have eaten here 4 times.  Twice I went with family, two other times I went with friends to see one of the weekend evening dance specials that people I know were performing in.  While I commend Mijana for supporting local dance talent, the restaurant's primary concern should be supporting the paying patrons!  After 2 tries, my immediate family refuses to return and my friends, except for the ones dancing, have not been back!  Each of the 4 times I have gone, the service has become more and more dispicable and the food has only become less and less edible.    The reheated pans of low-grade and truly off-tasting ingredients at the buffet only seem like a "bargain" for the price until you actually try it.  What doesn't get eaten one night seems to get reheated for the next night's dinner service and the next, etc...  The food off the regular menu is way overpriced in relation to the quality that ends up on your plate.  The dishes are unoriginal and, despite the fact that the stereotypical Mediterranean/Middle-Eastern fare should be predictable, the only thing you can count on is that it's bland and will probably be cold to the touch by the time the server finally brings it to your table!  The waitstaff is almost always insufficient (a cost-cutting measure by a greedy owner?) with only 2 servers (if you're lucky) working most weekend dinner services.  Speaking of service, it is consistently the slowest I've ever experienced at any restaurant.  Additionally, food items do not arrive together (members of my group were often served at different times and TWICE we didn't get bread for our Hummus appetizer until AFTER we completed the main courses, even though we made the server aware) and that's just the start!    Bringing any issues to the attention of the floor manager simply results in a dismissive attitude and no results...if he is in a GOOD mood!  When he's not, he'll treat you like a dog.  The way my mom and I were spoken to when we asked about drinks (after a 25 minute wait at the table without even water to sip on) was appalling!  And, the servers could care less.  They don't "serve", but they sure don't hesitate to express their upset when the tip is lacking.  You will not leave feeling even remotely appreciated or valued as a customer, I guarantee it!  If you do decide to dine at Mijana, prepare yourself for a long, expensive night of substandard food and the worst customer care in the Valley!  Unless your friend is dancing there that night or you want to torture your most hated in-laws, do yourself a favor and go somewhere else...anywhere else!
Service is very poor and very slow (may be acceptable in the middle east, but not in the US). Home made pita bread and appetizer were good. Main dish was very mediocre. The food is overpriced (they need to cover the cost for live music). We went there because of groupon coupons. There are many good restaurants in Scottsdale with excellent food and good service that I will enjoy, so no need to go back to mijana.
Horrible service... A dinner that should have only been about an hour or so took forever... Servers were very rude... drinks were not maintained... Food took forever... the music was so loud for the dancers and for the in-between time that my husband and I could not even talk to each other...  the live dancers were hmmm so so... and being from Dearborn MI ( the 2nd largest middle eastern community in the world other than the middle east) I think I know Arabic or middle eastern food... the food is nothing to write home about... save your self the time and belly ache and go to haji baba in Tempe  on main... http://www.yelp.com/biz/haji-baba-tempe this place knows Arabic.. In fact the cook is from Michigan
I went for happy hour. There is a sign in front of the restaurant that claims appetizers are 1/2 price. They charged full price. When I pointed this out, my waitress said, "The sign is old." She then took $4 off the bill, meant that one of the three dishes I had as 1/2 priced. This is simply dishonest business.  This is sad because I liked my meal. The quail and ful medames were very good and the kibbe was also good. The basket of pita was hot and fresh. Up until I got my check, I was satisfied.  To be fair, the manager did throw a gift card at me on my way out. A nice, if hollow, gesture (even with the gift card, I still paid more than the advertised price). I won't go back to a place that promises one price, charges another, then uses lame excuses to cover up their dishonesty. This wasn't just one bad waiter, the entire staff was dishonest.
My friend took me out here and we had both heard some good things about it. At the end of the night, he was apologizing to me for how awful the food and service was. We're both Middle Eastern and about the only thing we liked about this place is the atmosphere, which is the only reason I'm giving them 2 stars, I'm being generous! The Food was too expensive, and we had to flag down what seemed to be the only waiter there twice to get our food after waiting over 45 minutes. The food tasted awful and old. Tasted like it was just thawed out and cooked which made it really dry. The entertainment; the belly dancer looked tired and danced like it was a chore that she couldn't wait to finish and only went to tables where most of the drunk guys who were throwing the money at her. Music was way too loud so we had to scream at each other. Never going back there again.
Good food, lousy service. The employees are nice (at least the ones I met), but if you come here be prepared to 1) not have your food for an hour and, 2) drink very slowly as you will get a refill maybe once.  What was so weird about the service is that the place was practically empty and it STILL took forever. Later it filled to the brim as there was a belly dance performance, but the service stayed the same from the full hour of emptiness to the hour of being packed.  Mijana seems to rely on the other things it does (like the belly dances) for people to come in because the food, while very good, was not good enough to justify the prices they charge nor get the incredibly slow service they provide.  Essentially, if you're going just for the food, there are better options.
So I have ordered from this place twice now. Each time they have not sent what was in the description. Each time have not answered the phone when I called  to complain. I ordered the cheese and olives platter. They don't send olives they send me cucumber??? Come on? Some dishes I have had are good but most just come up lacking. Bland flavor. Lacking in spices. This place is a pass. I wish someone had told me that when you order from then don't expect to get what it says in the description. Maybe dine in is better but delivery is horrible.
2.5 stars. Homemade Pita bread is delicious and left me with high expectations for the rest of the food which left something to be desired. I have been twice, once with a large group and once it was just me and my woman.   The service: When I came with the large group the food service was poor as plates came out at various times with about an hour gap amongst people who ordered at the same time. When it was just two of us, everything as ok.  The food:  Have had two vegetarian plates the moussaka and the couscous and both were overpriced for the quality of the food. Vegetables were definitely out of a can and was something I could have made at home for about $1.50, which is unacceptable for a 12 dollar veggie meal. It is not that expensive to grill up some fresh vegetables and increases the quality of the meal substantially. Also had the lentil soup, which was tasty and not bad for $5, but it might have been from a can as well, just harder to tell with a soup.. You are likely not going to get what you pay for in food quality but the atmosphere is nice. If you are looking for some good flavorful ethnic food try GOJO Ethiopian on Thomas, you will not be disappointed.
We had never been to this restaurant before, but it was highly recommended by some of our Arab friends. Several people at our group bough a Groupon for this first experience. Service was mediocre, i expected much more for the price, the waitress took a very long time to come take our order (there were only three other tables in the entire restaurant.) I looked at an empty glass of water numerous time, and when we asked about dessert the waitress told us that we could get up and go look at the display! Food was delicious though, I'll give the kitchen staff that much.  When it came time too pay, the waitress took the first bill along with the groupon, charged it and then proceeds to tell the rest of our party that she can only accept one Groupon per table. So, not only did I pay for the Groupon, I also paid for the full price of the meal!  The food might've been delicious, but it is not worth the terrible service. Will never go back to this establishment an will not recommend it to anyone else.
Pita bread was very good.  Disappointed with the fattoush. I ordered it as a carry out. When I was ready to eat it, I opened the carton and it had dressing on it and all the pita chips soaked up dressing. Also, the tomatoes in it tasted old. I threw them out.  Mixed shawarma was not like I'm used to. I had a couple bites and put it down. Not good in my opinion. The saffron rice was fair.  Hummus had too much tahini and wasn't lemony at all. It tasted pasty.   Even though I was hungry, I threw most of it out.   I am middle eastern and hear my friends say how good it is there. I didn't think so.
Came back here for Eid with my family, and being such a normal customer I was expecting the food to be as stellar as usual. Unfortunately it wasn't that, at all. The kibbeh was cold inside(as if it was frozen then nuked in the microwave). The beef shawarma was burnt, the fatooush didnt have any salt in it. The chicken shawarma was stale, and the garlic dip had no hint of garlic in it. Truly depressing, and I looked like a fool talking so highly about this place. To let them serve us all of this "food" was unfortunate,  it makes lebanese cuisine look bad.
If this review was based solely on the food, I would have given it 4 stars, but the entire experience, unfortunately ruined my view of the place.  Waiter was new - thats fine, I understand that he brought the wrong wine and wasn't sure what my sauces were when I inquired.  My problem is that bringing in a $25 off coupon from restaurant.com cost us an extra 15 minutes waiting for someone to figure out how to apply it, then doing it for the wrong amount, and then fixing it and applying it again.  Four days later and I've still got two charges for the cost of dinner pending on my account.  I called and spoke to a manager who informed me "this is how the payments have to be done with coupons".  So I assume if I had brought cash and owed $35 I would have had to leave $70 and could go pick up half of it after 5 days?  Whatever.  Honestly without the coupon I think $16 - $20 is way too much for a plate of chicken and rice, no matter how tasty.  Shame.
This place had mediocre food and even worse service. The pita sandwich was pretty much just lettuce and tomato, and the side fries were soggy and unappetizing. The meat that came with the kabob and shawarma was dry and chewy. Fortunately, the fresh pita and hummus was delicious.  The service was extremely slow. We waited more than 20 minutes at a time just to order or ask for a check. The server kept forgetting our order and had to retake it multiple times.
Went today to a cooking class that we bought from Groupon. The food was great and to be honest, I look forward to trying what we learned at home. Our waitress was good. My problem was the lack of hospitality from the owner and the chef teaching the class. It was really a turn off. For that reason, I would not recommend this class.
Where do i even begin?, here is where we will start. It was a dark night, and we were craving some gyros. Who doesn't crave that? I read some great reviews of them and had to try it out.  Unfortunately this place really ruined my day. It was pretty busy when we walked in, but 90% of the people there had already been served and were eating, so we figured the wait wouldn't be bad at all. We (only 2 of us) ordered our food, no one was in front of us in line so our food went into the kitchen and we sat and waited...and waited. 10 minutes rolled by, no food. But we were starving. 10 minute wait isn't bad at all. A  man comes in and places a huge order, then a couple comes in after him and makes a small order... A total of 45 minutes later (i was watching the clock so this is not an exaggeration) the couple gets their food, and we are sitting there and waiting. 75  minutes rolls by, at this time i am pretty upset and starving (bad combination), the guy with the HUGE order gets his food. I walk up to the counter and ask. Is our food ready? They ordered after us and we are STILL waiting. I showed them my pay stub and time and told them what we ordered.  90 minutes rolls up (yes 1 hour and 30 minutes after we ordered) we FINALLY got our food! Am i kidding you or over exaggerating? I wish i was.   Now it doesn't matter how good the food was at this point i was pissed. Needless to say, the food was mediocre and not worth the wait at all. What should you do if you are hungry and wanting some gyros to eat? You should go down the road a little to My Big Fat Greek Restaurant, because at least there they don't botch your order...  Usually i would give places a second try. This place i will not. Mainly because...There was no apology or acknowledgment of how ridiculously long we had to wait for food.  If you're a business you have to have better PR
First time I went to the Pita Shack was last summer and they didn't have the air-conditioning on, very uncomfortable.  Last week I gave it another shot, figured it was cool enough outside to be safe. Good thing, because no AC again. I got half way through my gyro and bit down on a small bone, cartilage, or something else. It freekin hurt my tooth. I didn't complain or anything, I just won't be going back.  Too cheap for AC, they probably cut corners with the quality of there food too.
I'd heard a ton of good things about this place so I tried it out last night, 4/4/13, for an early dinner.  The food was pretty good and I was served quickly.  However, I got the special posted on the door and at the register, but not the special price.  The same thing happened to the couple in front of me in line.  Both of our tables went back up to the register to try and work out the problem and had to wait over 5 minutes for someone to come out of the kitchen to help us.  Then we were told that we hadn't actually ordered the special, which I still don't understand because I used the words from the advertisement.
If you've ever had good Mediterranean food avoid this place. The pita was microwaved, the gyro meat was frozen, the  tzatziki sauce tasted like it was out of a bottle and the hummus had a very weird super fine texture (almost like it was made from a mix). I felt somewhat sick after I finished eating.  There was literally no one else in the restaurant despite the fact that it was Friday night which should have been my first clue. I wish I had gone to the Chipotle across the street instead.  Also, the women who as working the counter (that I get the impression was the owner) sat on her ass texting at the counting the entire time we were there. She didn't  saying anything like "have a good night" when we left despite that fact that we were only people in the place.   I would never give this place my money again.
This place is a joke. Whatever you do--don't pay extra for feta cheese cuz you won't get it lol! 2nd time this has happened. 1st time, okay I understand but 2nd time - now your just making free $$ .  Asked for my gyro with feta cheese, tomatoes & lettuce. Lettuce went missing too! My asst. Ordered a chicken pita & there was 4 very small pieces dried up pieces of chicken.  I called to today to let them know they needed to pick up the pace & not rip people off with feta cheese, & lack of lettuce and lack of chicken of my assts lunch. But the owner answered and told me to speak with the person who made the lunches!! Are you kidding me ? What owner puts their cook on the phone ? A lazy one!! Yes, the cook messed up but to put the cook on the phone to handle the situation ?! The cook even said it was unprofessional of the owner to put him on the phone.   So, you will not get feta, lettuce, decent chicken or a answer from management/owner.. But the cook is forced to talk with angry customers! Lol! What a joke!
Yes the owner is really nice and they do have a really old grocery store (which means most of the ethnic stuff they are selling are old)  But commenting on the food, I had the baba ganoush and the Kefta kebab. The ganoush was bitter (methinks came out of can with citric acid and other preservatives imparting the bitter taste) The Kefta wasn't that bad (but I have had better) however the: tzatziki enveloping the kefta was bitter. I have found the same phenomenon in Spices on the other side of 101.   Either that is how it is made or else they both are using canned stuff to feed to us.
I would suggest skipping, but full disclosure, I only ate here once.  And it's unlikely I'll return.   The rice and gyro meat we ordered were decent but overpriced for the portion and quality (reg. $9.99) and the meat was dry. We used every ounce of the tziki sauce they gave us to enliven that meat.   The store/cafe looks a bit disorganized, but I overlooked it. What I did not overlook was the bathroom. It was locked so our server opened it with a credit card from his wallet. Once inside . . . I'll spare you the details.  Just know it was bad.  The staff was friendly though.
All I have to say is what you see on the menu is not what you're gonna get. and if you're ok with cockroaches on the walls and floors, the this is the place to eat.
I'm weirded out by how many great reviews this place got versus the experience I had. About the only thing I can agree with is that the owner seems like a friendly, accommodating chap. Went here for lunch today with a friend.  First thing we saw upon turning into the parking lot was a slow-moving drunkard swaying and staggering about holding a super slurper which I'm sure was full of cheap wine cut with drano. Definitely an extremely dingy mall, and in fact this little hole in the wall place wasn't much better. Chairs with ripped vinyl, for example. Grabbed a couple of menus and sat down. We were asked what we wanted to drink. The drinks turned out to be cans in a fridge on the other side of a couple of tiny saloon doors, almost actually in the kitchen area. Basically implying no free refills. We were asked to help ourselves. Fair enough. My friend asked for ice. The guy said that they didn't have any but they'd go grab some - and that's what happened! One of the staff came back with a bag of ice purchased from somewhere outside, like a gas station? Anyway, chilled glasses and ice followed - I didn't use mine because I don't really feel bagged ice is exactly something I want to drink, versus ice made from filtered water (shrug). Anyway. A little odd so far. We ordered some appetisers, $5 each for 4 falafel pieces. The guy said that the falafel plate was a better deal, $6 for 6 pieces total. Fair enough, appreciate the tip.  Falafel comes out first. Didn't really like it. They looked more like small Pepperidge Farm cookies than the traditional "Monet haystack" shape, and tasted mealy and undercooked. Hummus was more like babaghanoush consistency and not particularly flavourful. Plates came out. Mine was $9.95 for the chicken shawarma. The rice appeared to be long-grain basmati, tasted ok but several of the grains were dry and crunchy, to the point that my friend commented later that he thought he had broken and crunched on a tooth filling. There wasn't enough chicken on the plate. The pita bread served on our plates and on the falafel one was the sort that upon losing its warmth turns basically into shoe leather and would challenge a rabid dog in terms of tearing and chewing. The salad was ok and the dressing was pretty good, but I wasn't there for a salad. The presentation of the meal on the plate was good. Pic here: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/athens-gyros-phoenix?select=P8-8ovsHCLqfCf_zqQ8uUg#R8njJz2kWGJWNO74b5WL5Q - but for perspective, the palm of my hand could have covered the amount of chicken provided.  I've had far better Greek meals. Wow. For something that's truly fresh and delicious in this style of cuisine I always fall back on old faithful, Greek Wraps on Bell near 75th Ave. This didn't even come close in terms of taste. Not even in the same suburb, let alone ball park. $17 with tip for my meal, and I was still hungry afterward. Was sorely tempted to hit up Sacred Hogan's Fried Bread a few storefronts down for dessert. HOGAAAAANNNNNN!
My partner usually writes reviews when we feel the need to share our opinion about places we frequently visit. This go around at Athens Gyros provoked me out of my shell enough to write my first review. We've been to this restaurant before and loved how cheap the gyros were so we decided to go back again today for a quick lunch.   As soon as we walk in we noticed the owner had done a bit of remodeling- adding in a booth section and seemed to have decorated the place a little, cool! Kudos for them! At that point we were still excited to eat there.   We ordered the falafel appetizer and two gyro combos. Right after we put our order in a soccer dad comes in with his daughter and orders 6 gyros and some other items. It was easy enough to see by the way he was talking to the owner that he was a regular, I guess this means he gets preferential treatment. Our order gets pushed to the side until his was filled completely and was walking out the door about 40 minutes later. At this point I look at my partner and say, "lets just leave".   Unfortunately we stayed and got our appetizer about 5 minutes after soccer dad left. I have never had falafel before but I was less than impressed with the plating and the taste of the bean patty itself (I'm not sure if it's even made of beans- but that's what it tasted like).   Finally, our two gyro combos come out, lukewarm. I think the best part of the meal was the icy cold bottled water that came out with chilled glasses that counted as the drink to our combos. The whole idea of ripping people off a drink annoyed me but the water tasted great!  I tipped a dollar on a 21 dollar bill and felt that was over paying for the service and quality of food we received. My girlfriend pulled her wallet out to leave more of a tip and I told her to put her money away. As we walked out she commented, "yeah, I'm actually glad I didn't leave extra money for a tip- that service was pretty terrible".   And thus our experience. Two stars for effort of ambiance.
Placed an order for delivery on my way home during the evening rush hour since I hadn't eaten all day and didn't have my wallet on me. Order consisted of a $3.50 gyro, a falafel combo plate (with drink and fries), and dolmas (stuffed grape leaves). I didn't expect it to arrive too quickly, which was okay. And... it didn't. Took about 75 minutes. The guy who took my order and delivered was very nice, offering to refund one of the items.  Yeah, he must have forgotten (or lied), 'cause I checked my account a couple days later, and nothing has changed price wise.  Now, the good: - $3.50 gyros (pronounced GUY-ROS by this place...) are tasty, filling, and, best of all, cheap - Lemon dressing on the side salad that came with the dolmas plate - ONE of the pitas was extremely soft, chewy, and super delicious  The okay: - Dolmas had good flavor but the rice inside was a little mushier than I preferred. Don't think this is a delivery issue because the dolmas sold by Whole Foods are all lumped together in a container and don't lose their consistency  The ugly: - Falafel were super dry and kinda hard. - The other two pitas were burnt in places. - French fries were soggy and tasteless. NOTE: this was a delivery issue, so if you eat in or pick it up this might not be a problem. - Failed to deliver on his promise.  Would have given this place a 3 for the excellent and cheap gyros, but because the guy made a promise that he didn't bother keeping, had to rate it one star down.
Have Called them 3 times within their normal business hours for delivery. They delivered 3/5 food first time. Every time after that they make excuses not to deliver. Today's excuse - we don't have a car.
If I could give no stars to an establishment, this place would be at the top of my list.  My awful experience went as follows:  I was in Vegas on 6/1/12 and had a craving for shawarma.  I Yelped some nearby shawarma places and decided on Shawarma Vegas due to its close proximity and the good reviews that it had gotten despite its somewhat pricey menu.  I noticed on Yelp that it closes at 4pm on Fridays, but it was only 3:05 so I figured I was in the clear.    I walked in and saw a woman behind the counter frantically scooping some food.  No greeting, hello, eye contact, nor nod of acknowledgement of my presence.  I began looking at the menu overhead to decide what I wanted.  The woman then says to me in a raised voice (for no apparent reason because there was no music or any other customers to talk over) , "WE'RE CLOSED.  WHAT YOU WANT?"  I was a little startled by her greeting and also surprised that they were already closed considering that it said on Yelp that they close at 4pm on Fridays and that it said on Shawarma Vegas's website that they're open from 9-9, Mon-Fri (confusing I know).  Surprised by the fact that she said that they were closed, I replied, "Oh, you're closed?"  Her reply to me (in an even more irritated tone) again was, "WHAT YOU WANT?"  Appalled by her sheer rudeness, I calmly responded with "Nothing from here.", turned around and walked right out the door.  I had never been so rudely treated at an establishment where I was a hungry patron willing to pay $11.99 for supposed good chicken shawarma in pita bread.  I see the reviews on Yelp where fellow reviewers talk about the great and "friendly" customer service from this place.  It's gotta be a joke.  I seriously don't know where to begin to explain how upset I was at the treatment that I received.  Needless to say, I will never come here again the next time that I'm in Vegas and will adamantly discourage any and all Vegas friends from patronizing this establishment.
It's great food. The Jerusalem Mix is the shawarma grilled with onions. The smell of it cooking is fantastic.  The place is kosher. Don't expect to go after sundown the day before the sabbath (Friday).   The cook was very friendly. The muscle bound owner must have been mad that I interrupted his prayers or something because he showed that he didn't give a rat's ass whether I spent my money with him or not. Two $10 sandwiches and not a smile, not thank you, nothing. I'm sorry, did me asking questions about the menu bother you? (I didn't ask during his prayers.)  A customer actually answered my questions.  Judging from the lack of business at lunch time, he NEEDS to learn that you at the very least should treat your customers with respect, not contempt. You had 28 demerits and were featured on Dirty Dining.  If you want to stay open, the owner should stay away from the customers. He's obviously not going to change his attitude.  If he can't, then they deserve to go out of business. Since one order was a large portion of the "Lunch Rush", that should be pretty soon.
This is not the Shawarma I am used to. If you want real Shawarma, you have to go to Dearborn, Michigan, or Lebanon. This is not even close. It was aweful. I still have not found a place on the West Coast that makes good authentic Shawarma sandwiches.  Shawarma is lamb or chicken that is spiced and cooks while it turns on a ventricle roaster. The cooked meat is cut off as it turns and then rolled in pita bread. The meat shawarma usually comes warped with onions and tahini sauce with pickled turnips. The chicken is rolled with a garlic sauce and pickled cucumbers. Both sandwiches are then placed on a panini grill to toast the bread. That is a shawarma sandwich.  Note****** This place was on Dirty Dining in July. I just seen that today on the Channel 13 website.
Well if you're looking for bad service then step right up and take a crack at this place. I wish that I could comment on the food but they didn't even make it that far until I was out the door due to the lousy service.  So I walked into the place in the evening many hours before they close and there are two tables of customers, both with their food, and they're not busy at all. I walked up to the counter and had the two cooks and the host taking the order walking around for awhile stocking food and things. I stand there for probably 5 minutes waiting for someone to come. They seem to be in no rush. The place isn't busy so what's the hurry.  Finally the guy comes up and takes my order. I ask a couple quick questions about the menu and then I place my order. He asks me if I want fries, I say sure.  I go over and sit down at a table right next to the front. I patiently wait. (3 mins, 5 mins, 7 mins.....) No food. All while this is happening the host/cashier is walking around stocking food and things in the back. Coming out to the front and refilling the drinks. Stocking the condiments, etc.   Finally after 10 minutes another customer walks in the door and places an order. 5 minutes later and the customer gets HIS food! Well this immediately made me heated. The host/cashier comes out again and walks by me for probably the 7th time stocking things and cleaning up the tables. My level of irritation is growing more and more. Finally after about 15 minutes really politely I stop the guy and ask, "Is my meal almost ready?". His confused response, "Oh did you place an order?". My jaw kinda drops, "Ummm I was JUST at your counter 15 mins ago and have been sitting here waiting.". Finally it dawns on him, "Omigosh! I totally forgot that you ordered! Soooo what did you have again?".  I'm just frankly shocked. I stand up and say, "Don't worry about it. I'm out of here.". He follows me out the front door and says, "I'm sorry sir, I just forgot.". I say, "I can understand if you're busy to forget but you guys aren't whatsoever. That's just really bad service.". He says he will give me the food free. I decline again.  I just can't understand how a person forgets an order he JUST placed. Nobody new comes in. He walks by you 7 times while you're sitting at the table with no food patiently waiting. And you actually have to stop HIM to get him to realize.
The food is great! It's the service that needs desperate attention.  ATTENTION OWNERS: We are not in Jerusalem. We are not in Tel Aviv. While I understand the laid back, casual, time consuming approach other cultures have,  I assure you most people will not. Neither will they yelp about it in an attempt to help you understand. They simply will not return.  You need to greet customers promptly, prepare the food in a reasonable time, and smile.    Every time I am in your restaurant is a new adventure. There is ZERO consistency. Sometimes your service is ok, but most times it is plain aweful. What a shame, considering how delicious your food truly is.  Please fix your customer service problems so I can enjoy my experience, and find you open rather than out of business when I return. Shalom.
Food is decent but I'm not sure I ever had such bad service. The man behind the counter, who I assume is the owner, had the worst attention span I've ever seen in anyone over the age of 5.   His wife, who sat in the "restaurant," continued to distract him by coming up to the desk asking for more food for herself. He would stop whatever he was working on to make it for her. It then took him an additional 10 minutes to ring us up from the time our food was finished! Absolutely ridiculous!
Oh great, just what Edinburgh needs... another humus/falafel/shawarma takeaway place. Not. And just to be a little bit different, they also offer pizzas and kebabs too. Oh no wait...  It's only just opened, so as I was walking past on my way home the other day I thought I'd try it out. It was lunchtime, I knew I had nothing in the fridge and I have to be honest, I do have a cheeky weakness for a humus and falafel wrap.  But I don't really know what to say about this place that hasn't already been said already about every other one of the hundreds of places like this in the city centre. My wrap was nice enough, they have cheap-looking tables and chairs for you to sit at if you want to, all the ingredients were in those metal bowls that they all seem to use and there was one of the revolting "meat" things rotating in front of a heatlamp for the doner kebab munchers out there. But not exactly anything that couldn't be said about anyone's local kebab shop anywhere in the UK.  I'm not sure if this will last. Its one saving grace might be the fact that Pizza Paradise a few doors along is so disgusting that people may defect here, rather than enduring Pizza Paradise simply due to the lack of other options. And if that's the case, it can be no bad thing.
Well what to say about Zenobia....  I used to be a big fan. I would have recommended them to anybody. Then I went in on a Friday night (Saturday morning) at 2:45 am after wrapping up a nice night of clubbing.   I don't expect pristine service at 2:45 am, but nobody in my group of 4 was either belligerent or rude. We were very friendly and happy to be in Zenobia. One member of my party actually ordered 2 kebabs, for himself and his girlfriend at home. So 4 of us purchased 5 kebabs. The man was friendly when selling to us, then when we finished our purchases, I asked for the toilet, and he said they had no toilet...... odd.  Then, at 2:50, he said, "in 10 minutes, we close" ... at 2:55 (because I check my watch constantly, I knew precisely the time he gave us) he kicked us out. He was very rude, and there were about 7 other diners with us....all given the boot.   I understand kicking out the drunks at closing time, but I was with a group of three, along with a group of 5, and we were all given the boot 5 minutes before closing.   I appreciate Zenobia's five  mixed kebabs, which are not cheap, but I protest the horrendous service! I was regular customer, but now I will definitely be going elsewhere for my kebab needs!  As to the "healthy" food mentioend by Marj C on 19/7/2010: I was never asked what sauce or sides I would like with my kebab. I do not want sauce, and was never given the option.... Omitting sauce by default is not the same as offering "healthy" options, but rather it is simply omitting the OPTION of health.
We got to the restaurant at about 6:20 pm. I ordered two falafel sandwiches, and Dan ordered a beef shish kabob combo from the sandwich menu, which comes with fries and a drink. The guy said the beef was still thawing, so Dan said chicken would be fine.  There was one other party of about 8 people there. They seemed to know the owner. While we were waiting for our food, the two men from the other party would go back to the kitchen and help the owner prepare food.   The other party was served plate after plate of food, and our food came out at least 45 minutes after we placed our order.  I got my two falafel sandwiches, but what Dan ended up getting was basically chicken strips over a bed of salad, and not the sandwich with fries and a drink like he wanted. We aren't confrontational at all, so Dan just went with it and ordered a drink.  Here's a comparison of what we ordered, to what we received and the menu prices for those items, and what the receipt said  2 Falafel sandwiches (2 * 3.95), shish kabob combo (6.95) = 14.85 2 Falafel sandwiches (2 * 3.95), shish kabob plate but without grape leaves, hummus and pita bread as listed on menu (8.95), drink (1.00) = 17.85 Dept. 03 8.95, Dept 9.95, Dept. 04 2.00 = 20.90    1) It took at least 45 minutes to get the food ready. 2) Though they probably didn't help with the preparation of our order, there were customers preparing food in the kitchen. 3) The order was wrong and we were overcharged.  I really wanted to like this place but I will never eat here again. My food was okay but the service SUCKED.
After a falafel craving of nearly three weeks and extensive Yelp stalking, I decided to satisfy my fix at Filfila with a friend. I had high hopes for this place after reading my brother's review, and hearing so many commendations for it. When it comes down to it, it's all about the technicalities - all of which brought my high hopes to smoldering crash stop.   When my friend and I arrived, the proprietor (a very sweet, older gentleman) treated us like we were extended family - eating in? Oh, sit down! We ended up both ordering the falafel plate, and we could see the owner promptly shaping and frying our plates. Soon, he brought out a plate of hummus and pita - when we mentioned that we didn't order it, he assured us in eating it. The wait was a bit on the European side: lengthy, but easily bearable with a few rounds of card games. Very adorable, may I add.  A small dish of hummus with baba ganoush in the middle with warm pita? Now this man knows the way to my heart. Throw in a few olives, and I'm in love. The dips were addicting. Awaiting my friend's move in Goldfish, I'd find myself mindlessly snacking on more. Oh, but the falafel. After twenty minutes or so, five falafel disks atop a salad came out. Halfway through, my fix was quickly satisfied. Crisp, piping hot, and so flavorful. Egyptian style? I couldn't tell you. I was too enamored with them to notice.  So why the low rating? Two reasons in particular: the terrible feeling I had after the meal and a price discrepancy. I was still at the table when a surge of nausea and stomach pain hit me. I blamed it on the hummus, but after eating leftovers of my entree the next day, I immediately knew it was the falafel. When my friend gave her leftovers to her boyfriend, who has a stomach of steel, he couldn't bear the aftermath of the fried chickpea madness. Next, we were charged for the hummus and pita that we specifically mentioned we didn't order. I wasn't about to argue extensively over it considering our two falafel plates ($6 each) and the hummus/baba ganoush ($4) came out to $18 after tax.   An hour after leaving, I was truly upset. Not speaking purely on physical pain. But really? Don't be deceiving me in chickpea form!
I'm changing my review.   Go here and meet an awesome guy. His name is Maroun and he's the shop owner. He's always there and you can always count on some friendly conversation.    I go there to talk enjoy some good hummus or grab a quick boiled egg for 50cents, which is super handy, cause I can't find hard boiled eggs anywhere else nearby.   The Mediterranean menu is the best part of the restaurant, stick with his specialty.   The food isn't AMAZING but its good, and cheap. and  Maroun does care about his restaurant and will make what you want but he does need to step up his game a little bit.   I like the owner, and I want to see him succeed.  I would suggest to him that he gets real plates or paper plates instead of styrofoam. organize his menu signs on the windows a little better. Stick with one cuisine, and focus on improving quality. Maybe make some exciting specials.  I think that would help a lot.
this place used to be really good. But now it is absolutely disgusting and ghetto. $25 bucks for shitty hookah and shitty service? No thanks.  And overweight employees in booty shorts? I'd rather keep my appetite. ew.
If I could give this place negative zero stars I would.  Went here with a couple friends to eat, drink, and of course hookah.  The food was horrible and the hookahs are soooooo old and shitty!!!!  Do not waste your time going here. The decor needs to be updated, pillows that are in the seating area have stains on them....gross!!!!
A friend and I decided to try Golden Valley for dinner.    My friend ordered a gyro sandwich, which was OK.  Not bad at all, but not great.  I ordered a kabob platter of gyro meat, chicken and beef.  Everything was alright, except the beef, which was some of the toughest meat I've ever had.  The service was prompt and courteous.  The ambiance is more appropriate to lunch, perhaps, than dinner.
NO, NO, NO!!!  The Number One rule for a restaurant or any other business has got to be that you don't try to cheat the customer!  I went to the Web site for this place before going there for lunch today, & wrote down what I planned to order, including these items:  Plinchik 2pc. $2.49  Somsa 2 pc. $2.49   What he tried to charge me:  Plicnik 2 pc. $3.99     :-O  Somsa:  "You have to pay for 4 at $9.99."     :-O  I also had an Uzbek Salad & a Lamb Kebab Sandwich.  It doesn't matter how the food was, because trying to cheat the customer on the money is SO NOT OK!!!
= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =  ... & good riddance!     :-o
The worst experience ever. I gave this place 2 chances and both were fails. The first time a few people I work with got together called in an order for 8 individual meals, we were quoted a price. When we got there to pick up our food and pay we got charged an amount $20 more than we got a quote. They make mistakes, it was fine we paid the $20 extra and got our food. The food was mediocre, the chicken was dry the rice was over-cooked; the salads only have a pinch of feta cheese looks nothing like in the picture.  I gave this place another chance, thought I'd go and try something else off the menu thinking it would be different this time around. I called ahead at 10:30am during their business hours no one answered. I didn't even get to order my food,  when arrived at 10:45am the doors were locked and I saw a young lady mopping the floors. I knocked on the door to get her attention; she turned and asked another girl behind the counter if they are open yet. The sign on the door says they open at 10:30am. Umm hello? So the girl from behind the counter comes and unlocks the door and says they can't let anyone in and lock the door while they mop the floor. Interesting? No "Caution wet floor" signs? She gets an attitude rolls her eyes and tells me "We're closed you can wait until the floor dries then we'll let you in."   I don't know about you, but I don't have time to wait on my lunch for their floors to dry in front of a locked door, during business hours. I'm so done with this place. They won't get any more business from me or my co workers.
This very well could be Pita Heaven but instead it was Dolma Hell! They were canned and dreadful. That is all.  1 star based solely on the Dolma.
First things first, they are not Greek. Ok I too have given this place more than one chance. First visit was ok. Met the owner and was excited they were there. I work in the area.   Second visit I encouraged other employees to try the food. I called and asked if we could give them our order the day before so it would be ready before lunch crowd. No?. One of the rude girls there said no you have to call the day of the pick up? So we called in our orders all nine of them as soon as they opened. When we got there we had to stand in line with people who were placing orders-12 of them. Ok our food sat there for over 30 minutes that we knew of.  Friday evening at 7:55 I called and asked what time they closed and one of those girls told me 9:00pm.  I drove 12 miles back to the area. When I arrived at 8:45 pm, I assume the same girl I had spoken with earlier said we decided to close early tonight. Thats enough for me.  The owner needs to send his girls to charm school and they need to know customers aren't coming in because of them.
So I've been to this place twice and both times I've paid for things that I haven't gotten. The first time I went was with my mom and we decided just to eat there.  She ordered the gyros plate, which is supposed to come with a small Greek salad, tzatkiki, gyros meat and fries. We didn't get the salad or the tzatkiki but they seemed busy so we just let it go. I got the cilantro jalapeo hummus which had no flavor at all. I love hummus and I buy all kinds of it everywhere. This was NOT good. With my hummus I had roasted vegetables which tasted great! Was disappointed with their service overall. The cashier seemed clueless and had to ask the cooks about the menu. Our order also sat on the counter for about 10 minutes before the cashier realized it was ready, so it was also a little cold.   The second time I went was today and decided I would call in the order because the food was cold last time. My boyfriend ordered the chicken gyro combo which, again, is supposed to come with a side. He wanted fries but when I got the food home there were none. So the ketchup I asked for also went to waste. Seriously so disappointing because the food is pretty good overall (minus that gross hummus). I got a Chicago hot dog which was really good although I was hoping for more than two tiny peppers. We also ordered a gyro salad for later. Asked for the dressing on the side, didn't get any dressing at all. What is the deal???  I don't know if its the ditzy counter girl or the cooks that keep messing this place up for me, but I won't be going back.
I really cannot rate the quality of the food as I never actually got my meal. After waiting for 25 minutes and asking numerous times if my order was still on its way, I was told that they did not know what happened to my order, but they were out of steak now. I opted for a refund as I had to return to work. My only suggestion, don't go there if there is a chance they will be busy.
The food was ok. I thought it was expensive for lunch $8. I'd rather drive mile down the road and pay $2-3 less and have the same quality.
Due to there being no option for zero stars I suppose 1 will have to do.  Don't waste your time or money on these scam artists.  The food is in no way close to heavenly and the staff there is rude and un-apologetic when you point out they screwed up your order.  Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all costs.
Food is good...if they get your order correct which they rarely do any longer. Last time they forgot my tzatziki sauce on my gyro, are you kidding me??? Watch out for health violations, girls empty trash then wipe down tables and put together to go orders without washing hands. Used to love this place, really went downhill.
I have had MUCH better..  I was very excited when I saw them open,  just down the street from my work and I was ready for some new Medi food.    When I got there,  there was only 2 people working,   took almost an hour total to get food.  I am always willing to wait for excellence but it was far from it..        Kabobs were not bad..   and the hummus was excellent actually..  but the RIce..  Im pretty sure it was Uncle Bens Minute Rice..  Not exactly what I was expecting from a Medi place.    Kind of bummed,  wont go back most likely..
Two stars only because I'm compassionate. Lunch today using a Groupon- I live in Buckeye so if it wasn't for Groupon I would not go out of my way to give places way off the freeway corridor a shot unless I was in their neighborhood.  We were five miles from Ali Baba today so it was worth a try.  I was very disappointed.  The woman who works in the grocery next door was very personable, I went in there first looking for Zartar bread. She directed me to the bakery that doubles as the dining room.  The cases were sparse, but what was on display looked good.  The menu seemed promising.  My companion had the ubiquitous gyro with fries and a soft drink. I ordered the Ali Baba plate with an order of the yogurt/cucumber "salad" on the side, to eat with my entree much as a raita is eaten with Indian cuisine.  To mimic others, the service was ridiculously slow.  Whoever is working their line must not have professional food service experience, or the kitchen is set up to prepare food for only one table at a time.  I got the impression that they are understaffed, to put it conservatively.  When asked how I wished the meats on my platter prepared, I said I wanted the chicken cooked to 160 degrees but not cooked to death, and the lamb and kufta medium.  When the food was finally served, the meats had been removed from the skewers.  There were four one inch cubes of chicken, four one inch cubes of lamb, and a six inch by one inch by quarter inch high strip of kofta (seasoned ground beef that is formed into oblongs or flatted out on a flat skewer and cooked over a grill.  All the meat was dried out and way overcooked, and I mean way overcooked.  I know that the middle east is not homogenous, and recipes vary, but I wish the kufta was seasoned more robustly with the spices that are found in Egyptian kofta. The seasoning was rather one note. The rice was cooked to perfection and had a good flavor, and there were some middle eastern pickles like strips of turnip pickled in beet juice, a pepperoncini, and cherry pepper slices.  Bread is only served upon request; a nod to our American carb conscious diet, but kind of weird for a middle eastern restaurant.  My experience in the middle east was one where there were huge slabs of bread served with everything.  My yogurt and cucumber salad with mint was amenable, I could have done without the olive oil dripped on top because it was a bitter olive oil, not fruity.  So, because of the Groupon, the way I look at it is that my entree cost five bucks instead of 15, excluding my cucumber yogurt salad.  I wasn't cheap with the tip, the bill before the discount was twenty six dollars and change and I tipped $5.80.  I don't hold servers responsible for kitchen mistakes, at least not in an environment where the servers don't have any power to change the speed at which the food comes out.  The worst of it all is that instead of finding a place not too far from home where I can find all my favorite items from the middle east, I found a place that I can't justify the drive to visit in order to give them a second chance.  It's too bad, some of the best food I have ever eaten has been at deli bakerys that put up a few tables in the corner.  So, guess I have to wait until the next time I fly back east and then hit the Reading Terminal Market in Philly if I want perfectly cooked kufta, kebabs, and chicken. Bummer...............
I was excited about the prospect of Ali Baba's. It's owned by the same folks who run Open Sesame Market, right next door. The market sells great products so I figured they should serve them well too. However that's not the case.  We ordered the lamb kebab and beef shawarma plates, the appetizer trio (choice of humus or babaganouj, falafel and dolmas) and fries. The fries were underdone and over seasoned. The lamb and beef were seasoned fairly well but were overdone. The dolmas were bland, the falafel was pretty tasty but, get this...no humus or babaganouj. They ran out! I'd go back to a joint just for the humus if it was good enough. You can't run a middle Eastern restaurant and run out of humus, it simply isn't done. The food is dirt cheap, I can give them that, and the service was excellent. Those were the only bright spots of the experience.  I definitely recommend a visit to Open Sesame Market but if you're hungry do yourself a favor, head across the street and hit up J.T. Gryos. He sources his stuff from Kronos Foods, but Kronos ain't bad at all and J.T. really knows how to slang it.
Do not go here of you want fast service. Or any service, really. It's a shame because their food is amazing. But it's hard to enjoy when they literally disappear for your entire meal. I think there is one person running the whole place, including cooking. I've seen people walk on and wait for 10 minutes at the front and leave when no one comes out of the kitchen the entire time. I called ahead to get food to go. I asked for 3 dishes. When she told me it would be 45 minutes, I quickly said nevermind and that I wanted to cancel the order because I needed to pick it up sooner than that. She said - ok, we'll have it ready in 15 or 20 minutes. Fine. So I arrive. Nobody at the counter. Ring the bell. 5 minutes later, someone comes out, delivers food to the one table. Walks right past me back to the kitchen. What the heck!? So I ring the bell again. It's been 20 minutes since I called. He says it's not ready, and I pay. 45 minutes into it, my food comes out. I have to ask for extra rice because they forgot. Total bill was $33 for 3 dishes that I waited 50 minutes for. The portions are usually big -- this was 1/2 a to-go styrofoam container full. Not enough to fill a plate. I took pictures so I could show the owner when I drive past again. Absolutely insane!
I went on a Thursday at around 6:00 PM.   I overlooked the fact I was the only patron there (MAJOR CLUE).     I ordered the falafel; they were out. (WTH, are you kidding me?)   I ordered the lamb kabob and was advised it would take 30 minutes to cook; I declined.  I ordered a gyro thinking that would be quick; it wasn't.  How long does it take to carve meat off a rotating spit?  15 minutes evidently...  Did I mention I was the only one there?  OK enough about the lack of service and the fact the staff/owners were outside smoking right by the entrance.  I don't know about you, but I hate second hand smoke as I am about to dine or right after.   Anyway,  I am saving the worst for last.   The meat was so dry and salty as to be inedible.  I left most of it on the plate.  Honest to goodness, no exaggeration,  it was the worst gyro I have ever had.   I suspect it had been cooking for days or even weeks for all I know,  since all I got was the "toasted", dried-out pieces and none of the moist parts from the inside.  If you think I am kidding go and try it, but go to the grocery next store first.   I walked in, took a breath and almost got sick.  I walked out and went through the aforementioned "smoke-curtain" to what I thought was going to be a decent Middle Eastern dinner.     For record,  I LOVE Middle-Eastern food and the associated smells.  For those of you that have rated this the place to go, I am glad you like it.   I hated it I mean REALLY hated it and will not go back unless I lose a bet.  For me, that place in Tempe (Haji-Baba)  is still the best, by far, but sadly it is too far for me to drive for just a meal.   For those of you in Tempe, I remain envious.
The people who run this restaurant and the store next door are wonderfully nice but the food at the restaurant leaves something to be desired.  I have tried it three times (I really like the family who runs it) and it is just too inconsistent and never great.  And like many others have said, the service can be slow and I get the feeling they don't take running a restaurant very seriously.  I am afraid of what the kitchen might look like.  I've never gotten ill or anything but the restaurant is so half-assed.   It really is a shame because this part of town really NEEDS a great middle eastern restaurant.  If you want great Greek (gyros and shawarma), try the place next to Best Buy that faces Lowes there on Thunderbird and the i-17.  They are consistently wonderful.
W e showed up at 1105 and they opened at 1100. my wife ordered the gyro sandwich. I ordered the Ali Baba combo with the three different kabobs One lamb, beef, and chicken. I try to order the lamb kabobs everywhere I go. I am not much of a gyro eater. so after ordering my waiter comes back to tell me none of the kabobs are prepared since THEY JUST OPENED. so in the end I am stuck eating a gyro since that's all that seems to be able to be cooked. So never show up when they open unless you want a gyro. MAYBE THEY SHOULD SHOW UP BEFORE 11 AM TO PREP FOOD SO THEY DO NOT ANGER THE CUSTOMERS. As far as I am concerned I should have gone elsewhere. The Gyro sandwich is plain, a child's portion of meat, and sauce tastes like it's mayo based. The food that was able to be cooked is well below adverage. I have eaten at a minimum of 200 Mediterranean style restaurants since I work all over the USA. The fact that I could only order a subpar gyro for lunch is why the 1 star. We Will Never Return.
sadly I went there today to try it out and it was closed and the # is disconnected.
Food's decent - staff is generally friendly. The place is a little rough by US standards. Actually, it was a lot like places I went in the middle east in a number of ways. If you're squeamish about sparkling walls and counters, this probably isn't the place for you. If you're willing to overlook a bit to have some traditional middle east food, go for it - you should like it.
The food was wonderful; could have had better service; never offered drinks or took our order. I'm assuming their system is their own; order upfront and wait at a booth for your food.  I have had wonderful middle eastern food and that was in Alex, Egypt. Their service is just like ours and more; we sit and server will come to us, the norm for places that are called resturant.
I totally feel like Yelp let us down on this one. We've eaten LOTS of mediterranean food, and this wasn't anywhere close to the best. To the point that I was wondering if we were in the right place. The service was super friendly, almost to the point of being overbearing, and the 3 of us ordered about half the menu. Unfortunately, I liked maybe 1 thing. The schwarma with rice was insanely dry and bland, the tabbouleh tasted like it was mostly onions, the pickles had a really odd flavor (probably they were fermented), the hummus needed flavor, etc. The bread was good, but bland. Seriously, Mediterranean food is all about flavor, and this food had none. That and the creepy movies playing on the tv in the back of the restaurant were enough to make me wonder what all of the other reviews are thinking. Seriously, go to Pita Kitchen in Avondale.
Had the taboule there. If it wasn't for me being as hungry as I was with little other options at the food court I would not have ate it. What was supposed to be bright green was bordering on brown. It resembled the color of canned spinach! Of course it looked like they threw a handful of fresh herbs in there to make it appear fresher and to get away with extending the life of this salad that should have just been tossed!! I had an upset stomach for 2 days after eating here. Yuk..
This was a typical mall foodcourt crap place. The two combo plates for $9.95 each was a waiste of money. The schwarma was dry and pulled out of a holding bin and thown on flat top to heat through. The combo plate had chicken and kefta kabob both dry burned on the ends and again pulled from a holding bin. The hummus was tastelss. This place has no redeamimg qualities even for a mall food court. Yuck
I received a coupon to come in and try them because they were open. We were looking forward to trying this mid eastern style place. I saw the big banners saying they were open. We walked in and were Thrown Out at approximately 5:30 because they reserved the place for a party. Not a soul was there and they wouldn't even let us sit in the bar. My first impression wasn't a good one. The woman asked us to come back tomorrow. If they put a note on the door I would be more understanding. I hope they let YOU in when you make the trip.
The sofa section with the hookahs and the dance floor looked like something I wanted to partake in but the service was less than wonderful and the food was undercooked - I've had better.  Unfortunately, most Middle Eastern restaurants that I have been to lack In the service department. We were the 2nd table in the Egyptian themed restaurant. About 10 min after us, a large group came in and the one server/bartender didn't seem to be able to cut it. We had an appetizer before we had even ordered our main meal. We were done with the appetizer before we even got a chance to get drinks or order our main meals. This meant that we were sitting with menus in our hands while eating the appetizer. It wouldn't have been a big deal but I really wanted to have a drink other than water as well.   The appetizer we got was the Cleopatra platter for $15 and it had a lot of food with it! I think the best item on the platter was the Tabouleh but adding the meat to the hummus was also pretty tasty. For me, that's where the praise ends.  The service was poor due to being understaffed so I had to flag down someone when my Salmon Kabob came out RAW. The Shrimp Kabob was good but it was not an easy process to actually get to the meat. Even after the Salmon was replaced, no one bothered to even offer to discount any part of the meal. Overall, I am disappointed and will probably not go back.  Meh. I've experienced better.
POOR SERVICE , BAD DRINKS , and SPOILED FOOD.  I do note the poor service was NOT the waitress's fault as she alone was waiting on close to fifty people all by herself.  We looked at the wine selection and decided to go with mixed drinks so we ordered a mojito and long island iced tea. When the drinks arrived we tasted them and they nearly tasted the same. Both tasted mainly of budget artificial lemon aid drink mix. Nether of us could stomach these drinks. The drinks were truly horrible.  We ordered two appetizers, the falafels and the Lebanese Muhammara (spicy red pepper and walnut  dip). I thought the dip was good but the falafels weren't really made right. They were fluffy but had hard things in them that might have been chunks of uncooked hard beans?, unless it was something nonfood?  I was afraid I might break my teeth eating them.  Our dinners arrive and when I took a bite out of the salmon it wasn't right. The salmon was past not fresh and was spoiled. My husband confirmed it as spoiled. The waitress is running around with lots of tables and never comes back. I am left with a plate of spoiled fish to look at. I nibble on the few vegetables I have and notice they cooked some of my tomatoes but added a RAW tomato to plate. (see photo) My husband gives me some food off his plate so I'd have some dinner.  On the cleopatra plate the Kafta had good flavor but was dry. The Chicken was flavorful and good. The filet mignon was so overdone it was dry , chewy and tasteless and didn't even taste like beef with no beef flavor left in it. The plate was came with a little cup that I thought might be hummus but turned out to be unmelted garlic butter.  If somebody puts a gun  to your head and makes you come here for dinner get the chicken kabob.  The waitress arrives and ask if I want a box for my plate. I told her no because the fish was spoiled. She told the management and nobody said anything to me but my meal was removed only because I had a buy one get one coupon.  You won't see any belly dancers either unless you eat dinner at 9pm or later.  This is a new business and I hope they work things out and improve because we have very few nice places to dine at in this part of town.  BUT I NEVER imagined the first time I was here and didn't eat would be the better of my two visits.  I do feel slightly bad but not completely.  My thoughts are I can't forgive about spoiled fish they didn't care about but I did enjoy the chicken and the pepper dip.   But bad management can spoil a place as we know.
I'm a big fan of Middle Eastern cuisine but I regret to say that much of the food at Cleopatra was decidedly bad. The humus and spinach pie appetizers were both tasty but the "fresh" grilled tilapia brought on the gag reflex. It was anything but fresh. The kafta kebab also tasted like it had seen one day too many. The sirloin kebab was tender and good and the salmon kebab was just OK. The desserts (baklava, knafe, and baklava fingers) all tasted rancid or at the very least, they were not made with butter but rather a less expensive shortening substitute. The subpar cuisine was matched by loud background radio (with commercials).  Apart from the very pleasant wait staff, the food and soundtrack combined to make this dining experience very unpleasant. As another reviewer said, I hope they can improve because the West Valley needs more decent non-chain restaurants.
There is no where else I can go to chill and just draw, this horrible city in Arizona is filled with just bars, fast food restaurants, libraries that are never open , countless wal marts and mechanic shops. Lots of furniture shops too.  The parks are filled with dog shit and surrounded by driving cars, there is no where  to just sit down and draw.    So when this interesting Mediterranean restaurant comes into town I though It would be a nice place to chill, eat and draw.   It was nice at first, the waiters were great, they had live music and I cannot draw without music playing. I love creating new things with my work while experiencing new food and music.  I didn't like the food very much but I was willing to pay just to stay for the music, so I can make some art to it.   After about the 5th day I came here they told me I wasn't allowed to Draw here,  No explanation, just a stern look and told me I need to leave my work in the car.   Basically what it would have left me with was very bland , over priced food.  Although I get to listen to the music, my attention instead is focused on all the   drunken people dancing around- Which is  a shame because I can channel all that musical energy into a really interesting piece of work.    Well I can't find any place around this city that doesn't tell me to Buy shit and get the fuck out, and I'm always stuck at home because of it. So I won't be coming back to this Bar that sells itself as middle eastern/Mediterranean.       Don't be fooled, this is just another one of the countless bars that Infest this boring suburb, it has a facade of being middle eastern, and its run by middle eastern people, but it is another square that cares more about serving alcohol in this city of squares filled with alcohol. There is no culture here and takes itself more seriously than it should for a place that is just starting out.  the middle east isn't about alcohol and shitty food, it's about real food...and opium.  If you want Mediterranean food, try the Greek Wraps, the Greek Pita, or Chicago Gyros , lots of places around here serve Mediterranean food and actually have the Mediterranean hospitality of giving you a lot of food for a little bit of money, rather than a lot of money for rubbery meat.  In short, told I cant draw there, rubbery, overpriced meat. I mean it took like an hour for the food to get there, what else can I do to pass the time?   And here is a separate review for the music. -  I love music so much, I don't just listen to it, I study it and perform it.  I like the live music here, though they play lots of shit, some of the dance songs go back to the older rhythms and melodies of popular middle eastern songs I love.  However those good songs are few and far between- they play this garbage that sounds like britney spears and justin bieber but with a commercial license from dubai.  They need to play some Om Kalthoum, fairuz, Abdel Wahab,  bring back the old school and not   this techno-looping, headache inducing drum beat. Get a freaking real drummer and do some solos, stop with these pre recorded smooth jazz synth melodies and bring some ancient egyptian Royal Pharoah music to make this place differentiate itself from every fucking place around here.  -Mishmish
Dined here last night while attending a benefit comedy show the show started at 8pm so we arrived at 6:30 so we could talk and eat dinner.  When seated we immediately got water but then our waitress was no where to be found.  When we saw her again  we couldn't seem to get her attention. After a long wait we finally did by then several friends of ours who were also there early for dinner and the show, couldn't get service so I told her they wanted to orderr. With prompting she finally waited on their table as well.  Other friends of ours who were there for the show walked out because of the poor service because they were hungry and tired of waiting. THE SERVICE HERE WAS TERRIBLE ! We had to ask for everything from that point on because the waitress like in the review Pepper T. was alone so it wasn't her fault. The restaurant was warned that the place would be busy for the benefit and they only had one server on the floor.   There was three of us in my party. Kathy R. my wife and myself. We ordered coconut shrimp and spinach pies for appetizers. After a while the waitress informed us they were out of the coconut shrimp at that point we ordered our drinks since the waitress still hadn't asked what we wanted. I stuck with water my wife Carol got a coke and our friend Kathy R. ordered an ice tea.  Because we were there for the comedy show and we were visiting with a lot of people we knew before we realized it an hour had gone by and still no food yet people all around us were getting served. We ordered the Kafta Kabab ( $13.95 )  which was marinated ground beef mixed with minced onions and seasoning and Filet Mignon Kabob ( $16.95 ) Marinated Filet Mignon with grilled veggies. But after another hour waiting for our food there was still nothing. When we finally inquired where our food was we were told by the waitress she lost our ticket but our food was in the back and she would get it. More waiting and waiting and waiting. By now the comedy show started and it was 8pm and our food finally arrived.   Both of the Kababs were not hot they were warm, the meat was overcooked, dry and tough. I was expecting a flavorful Lebanese food , NOT!! Would have been much better warmer. The waitress never even asked how our food was. They get a single star only for the pita and the rice, beyond that.... fast food has a leg or two up on their food. Sad but true!   FOOD: The kebabs were dry and without much flavor. Overall a big waste of money. We left hungry, and needless to say I was pretty dissatisfied with the whole establishment, the food and can not recommend it. PRICE: Expensive for what you get. The food is my main complaint, which is pretty serious if the review is about a restaurant. SERVICE:  EXTREMELY SLOW !!. Obviously I'm waiting for my food and even after asking about it were still waiting.. but still no word... Seriously?  AMBIANCE:  Modern Middle eastern with plenty of room. Definitely NOT short on ambience. But my review is not about the ambience or the comedy show it's on the food there. CONCLUSION:I rate this place at a 1 Not worth wasting your money. We're never spending another penny at this place. Sad the first time I ate here and it will definitely be the very last RETURN FACTOR: 0  ************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************  5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well!  4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business.  3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again.  2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family.  1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT
My fiance' and his family have taken multiple large parties to this restaurant over the last few years.  The food is always awesome and we have always received excellent service WHEN WE ARE WITH THEM.  However, today I went in to make a catering order for our small wedding ceremony we are having in a week.  I called ahead, spoke TO THE OWNER who said he was the person I should speak to and I informed him I would be in in an hour.  I was and I asked for Tony.  I ended up sitting at the bar for over an hour with no Tony.  We had ordered an appetizer while we were waiting and never got the check.  I ended up storming out after getting no attention from anyone.    THIS IS AN OWNERSHIP PROBLEM ALL THE WAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The staff was too sparse for the party that was going on and everyone was angry.  The bartender had one helper and there were no waitresses.  And, by the way, the bartender had to read from a book to figure out a drink that was ordered and it took her 20 minutes to figure it out.  On top of everything else, one of the partners of the establishment was sitting right next to me at the bar and never once offered help or introduced himself.  Guess he figured he didn't look like anyone so I wouldn't know who he was.    I am telling my in-laws to never take another party there and I will never darken their door again until it says 'UNDER NEW OWNERSHIP' above the sign.
This is the first review I have ever written only because for the first time ever I feel it is 100% warranted.  Please heed the previous posts about extremely poor service, or no service at all!  I'm sorry I didn't.  My boyfriend and I decided to give this place a try since it's right in our neighborhood and wanted to stay away from the typical chain restaurants.  We walked in around 5pm on a Friday to an empty restaurant.  There were two people sitting in the hookah lounge, no one at the bar.  Not even a bar tender.  The hostess/waitress seated us right away, gave us menus and said she would be right back with water, which she was.  That was the last we ever saw of her.  Even when she poured the waters she never asked us for a drink order, appetizers, nothing.  We waited, waited, waited.  She walked by a few times with what appeared to be an order pad but she also had a large notepad and seemed to be more interested in planning the evening's entertainment than taking care of us.  Even after trying to flag her down a few times she just ignored us.  So after twenty minutes we walked out....and proceeded across the parking lot to Le Chalet where they have a great happy hour and awesome food!
My boyfriend and I were going to eat at this restaurant even after reading some of the negative reviews for this place. When we got to the door, we noticed how run-down this place was although they've only been there for a year.  Upon entering, it was very bright and had cafeteria-styled seating to the right, rows of sofas for hookahs on the left, a giant bar at center, and was not-at-all busy for a Friday night. There was one waitress as far as we could tell, who was confused by why we were there, "are you here to stay for dinner, or...?" We were seated, began reading the menu, and everything was quite expensive.  We decided based on the ambiance to go to the amazing fondue and crepe place just across the parking lot.
Love the food here, but I just came by at 6:30 on a Friday to get some food and they're closed... nothing posted on the door that they would be closed during this time... super disappointed. Please update your hours of operation if you're going to be closed. That's just bad business.
this was the worst service by far, this place is under staffed, for such a big place that gets pretty busy on weekends it only has 3 servers that ive seen  when we have a party of 10 or 15 and there is one server who has many other tables that are also big parties it takes forever! i have never waited so long for a simple hookah.   the BAR IS EVEN WORSE THERE IS TWO OR ONE BARTENDERS AND THEY ARE SLOW THEY SUCK AT MIXING DRINKS. AND THEY ARE OVERPRICED.  I pay for quality and if i am paying a good chunck of cash on the weekend i expect good service. they need more staff for sure. and new bartenders. it just takes too long for everything. even when the place is packed. Im never going back. dont waste your time.
I took my fianc here for a romantic dinner with a groupon I purchased for him. We love Middle Eastern food and couldn't wait to try out the kabobs and basmati rice, humice and falafel.  We went in and the place was almost empty, with just a few couples dining.  There must have been about 10 staff members, several of whom were sitting in the hookah lounge, smoking, yet we had to wait to be seated. Televisions with Arabic programs were playing a bit too loudly, but that did not deter us despite wanting a nice atmosphere.  Should have left from these minor issues, but had a groupon to use so shook it off and waited.  We were seated in the middle of the room next to the hookah lounge and ordered our food and a drink.  All was well for about 10 minutes.  Then all of a sudden, staff started hauling couches and lounge chairs out of the restaurant and hauling folding tables and chairs in through the back and past our table.  They opened the doors in the back and hauled in several chairs at a time, laying the chairs all over.  It was a circus and the place was freezing because the doors were open.  It was like dining in the middle of a house where the movers came in to move you out.  It was loud, chaotic and anything BUT romantic and pleasant.  At first I politely asked what was going on and to please close the door because we were cold. They did no such thing and the service only got worse. The waitress told us that even though it was chaotic now, the fun would be coming because they had belly dancers coming, so to just be patient. They claimed a big party was coming in without notice (we are talking about 80 people and that they needed to prepare for them. Then I was angry and complained about being cold and being seated where we were practically being hit by legs of chairs while staff hauled them in...to which they made excuses.  Our food arrived, we shoveled in what we could and got the bill with no deductions for the disasterous service and chaos in the place. I am not even sure about the quality of the food because I was so ticked off about everything else, it was ridiculous. The belly dancers or whatever music get-up they had planned were not there by the time we left at 9pm and I wouldn't have stayed if the real Elvis arrived on stage!  The groupon was not worth what we paid for it and in fact, it was the WORST dining experience I have EVER had.  Heck I have had better dining experiences in the McDonald's Playland!  I would not ever go back to this horrific place. The only positive thing about the whole place was the lamps and getting out of there without getting hit in the head with a chair leg! I have to give it a one star, but it hurt to even give them one!
The food is great, but the restaurant is shady. I placed a large order through GrubHub and waited for for over an hour and a half until the expected delivery time. Then I waited another 30 minutes for good measure, when I called GrubHub they talked with the restaurant and they were informed by the restaurant that they did not have a driver and they did not make the order.   This is appalling to me, all the restaurant had to do was contact GrubHub and tell them they were not able to complete the order. I would not have been happy, but I would not have waited two hours with no food being made. This makes me re-think whether I should even return to the restaurant to eat in.
Since we live in the neighborhood we were anxious to see a new eatery open up, unfortunately the quality of the food won't have us going back. Twice we went for gyros which were just ok....and tonight we tried the souvlaki entree in which the pork was so overcooked and dried out, no amount of cucumber/dill dressing could save it. We threw half of it away.  With so many dining choices around here, you can do a lot better.
Second time here, ordered a Greek Salad with Chicken Kabob.. the plate was so small i couldn't cut my chicken or even fork out the cheap iceberg lettuce without some falling on the table, chicken was way too saucy as well. Stick to a gyro, had that last time and it was golden. Seems like good people, they are nice.
There was weird pictures of the owner at war, (probably about 20-30 pictures) not the most appetizing thing when eating. (Pictures of blown up cars and him holding guns) also the Fattoush salad was very substandard and the dressing was tasteless. And there was an eyelash in our food.   But it's an ok place for a cheap meal.
My co-workers raved about the food so I went.   That being said, the guy in front of me had been waiting for 30 minutes for a gyro (he left FURIOUS) so I did an order of lentil soup to go so I could get my food quickly (to avoid driving to another place).  The place wasn't busy.  25 minutes later, I had my soup to go ($5) and it was in a 10oz container not all the way full....more like a cup of soup.   I got back to my desk and it wasn't even lentil soup......the soup tasted like lemonade with salt.    No "I'm sorry" or anything for the wait...I won't be returning.
very disappointing
I really don't get all of the 5 star reviews. This place has good food but their prices are  astronomical. I had a $35 dollar lunch with my son. I had a lamb shank and he had a chicken wrap and we had some hummus.  The lamb was good but very puny as far the meat goes. So if $17 lunches per person  are in your comfort zone, then party on!
We've been back several times and very sorry to say the last time, there was a sign on the door that it was closed indefinitely.  Very sad, one of our favorite lunch spots.
The food is good, but expensive because everything is a la carte.  My son ordered a lafa wrap, which cost $13, and did not come with any side dishes.  My falafel tasted very good, but was mushy. Again, there were no sides.  I ordered a bottle of Coke, which was a small bottle and just barely filled one cup.   Lunch for two people cost $28, which I think is a lot for 2 wraps & 2 soft drinks.
More than disappointed... especially after the glowing reviews.   I went in for lunch on a Friday with my family, simply desiring a sit down lunch for my children which didn't involve French fries. The lunch menu was quite simple-only five chicken selections with your choice of various side dishes.    First I ordered the Shwarma... "Sorry, we are out of that" was the reply.  I reviewed the menu options and tried again, asking for the Kebobs. Only to be told, "we are out of that too". The cashier was apologetic and explained that they would be closed tomorrow, however I found it odd that they would not have nearly half of their small selection. I settled on a different chicken plate and was then asked to choose my sides.   I took a look at the sides and asked for rice. "Sorry, we are out of rice". Uh oh, not this again. No rice?  I am seriously considering leaving at this point, but the reviews are so good I decided to stick it out. This time I ask for a side salad. Two guesses as to the reply... yep, out of salad too. I look around the establishment and see several other tables with people-Lord only knows what they are eating (since nothing in the menu is available)! The only options left are fries (exactly what I wanted to avoid) and Israeli salad, so I order that.   My total for two lunch plates and two drinks, a whopping $32.  I couldn't believe it. Definitely more expensive than expected.   Also, when I sat down there were no high chairs to sit my daughter. Oh well, I should have expected that one. The food that came out was not bad, but my experience had already been soured at this point. The food wasn't good enough to redeem the experience.   I honestly can't understand why this place is rated so highly. There are far too many wonderful options in Scottsdale to waste your money here. Sorry.
We were in the mood for this type of food and based on reviews we decided to try this spot. When we pulled up we realized it was owned by the same people who own Mozarts (which I like), but the food here wasn't comparable.  Based on the cashier's recommendations, we tried the chicken schwarma pita and the plate version. We also ordered a side of fries. As soon as we got home and opened up our meal we realized the fries were raw potatoes soaked in oil which we ended up throwing away. How do you screw up fries!? The schwarma was even worse. The chicken was super greasy, over cooked and not very tasty. The plate came with no veggies and was literally an expensive pile of meat.   The meal was very disappointing!
This restaurant is not worth the effort.  My guest and I arrived at 12:50pm on Monday, Restaurant opens at 11am.  We were seated close to the kitchen area---TV Blasting--requested it to be turned down--which was done.  Went to order our lunch choice they did not have any white chicken meat only thigh meat.  My guest said her lunch was less than fair Chicken Schwarma made with thigh meat. I ordered ChickenKebob was informed no kebobs, then ordered Chilled Chicken breast and was informed there is not white meat.  GIVE ME A BREAK!!!   I ended up ordering Chicken Schwarma Plate-dark which I dislike--plate came out with meat cold, pita cold and during the conversing with my guest my guest and I viewed the chef eating during preparation of our lunch, the chef became irate when asked to reheat my order as the chicken was cold. Yelling out the chicken is not cold then sticking his hand into the meat not even sure if I received a new order of meat.  The plate was cold and probably cooled down the chicken.   The pita was also sent back and returned still cold.The pita had no taste.  This restaurant should not be opened for business they do not know how to prep food and serve at a proper temperature nor how to accept their customer comes first.   The Board of Health should come in and do a spot check as (1) chef should not be consuming food doing cooking orders and(2) the gentleman who takes orders and serves food should not be rubbing his eyes as he handles dishes and serves food.   (3) Not only this a young man came in and needed money I guess maybe to go shopping??  But the chef is the person who opened his own wallet and gave this young man money and then proceeded to handled food for an order--did not wash his hands.  Will never go back Same owners as Mozarts and they should be ashamed for opening Paprika! There was hardly any customers in the restaurant, this should have said enough, but i will always give 1 try and trust me this restaurant did not deserve this one try.
The chicken shwarma was good. But both times my girlfriend ordered, they came back saying "oh we don't have that" even when I asked for tea. And the other employees set in the next room being very loud and obnoxious in their native tongue. It took almost an hour for two all orders because they stood around talking
It's been ages since I had Ethiopian cuisine. The last time I ate here was when it was still named Blue Nile. It looks like they kept the Blue Nile menu, but then expanded it to include more general Middle Eastern dishes.  We stepped in for lunch, and saw the large advertised sign on the window for $5.99 lunch. There are 2 large menus to choose from. Browsing through the menu, we couldn't find the lunch specials on it anywhere. When I asked the waiter where I could find the lunch specials on the menu though, he vaguely pointed to the 3 pictures on the window in front, and briefly described them. Maybe it's just me, but it's odd to not have at least a printed paper description of your lunch specials at your table if they are so boldly displayed on your window front. Since there were only 3 of them, it would not be that hard to describe or print out!  Anyways, we decided to share the veggie/meat Ethiopian combo ($9.50). My friend asked "Is it good?" and the waiter replied almost instantaneously "It's alright." Not very reassuring, no? So we asked what would be better. After some hesitation, he pointed to quite possibly the most benign, Americanized, and uninspiring menu item, the grilled chicken salad. He then went on to say that the combos were quite popular (...But not good?). Faced with this rather odd discourse, we decided to carry on with our plan to get an Ethiopian dish and take the risk!  The combo came out in fairly quickly. The dish came with grilled beef, chicken, and 3 veggies of your choosing. Unfortunately, despite having the waiter repeating our choices for us and pointing to them on our menu, one of the items was not the right veggie. Despite this mix up, the combo tasted good, and the injera bread went well with the meat and vegetables.   Even though the sign out front says they were open from 11 to 10 that day, they decided to close at 1 P.M. and left the "Open" neon sign lit. Quite a few people tried to enter the restaurant only to find out that it was locked. We got there a little after 12 and were still eating when they locked up the door. They let us know that we could take our time and the chef could let us out when we were done, but we felt uneasy being the only customers in there, trapped inside so we left as soon as we finished. I'm not sure if they normally close at 1 P.M., but perhaps changing their signage or leaving a sign describing why you are closed just that day would help clear any confusion.  I used to really like going to Blue Nile for both the food and the service years ago, but since the change in management and name this rather odd eating experience has left me leery to frequent this restaurant again. On to Lalibela perhaps for our next Ethiopian outing!
So based on the outrageous reviews I just stopped here for lunch.  They must be padding their reviews based on my experience. I ordered a pita with grilled chicken, jalapeo hummus and kale.  I also ordered a side of falafel.  The pita was ok enough.. Nothing really special with it or the chicken.  It was nice to have kale, one of my favs, as a topping.  The falafel was brought out to my table and was really dark brown turning to blackish. I tried part of one and they were disgusting.  I took them back to the counter and being full from the pita, told the guy I didn't want anything else but they should be a bit more care because the falafel was way too fried.  He promptly told me I didn't know what I was talking about.  That he's from Lebanon and has eaten falafel his whole life.  I said it's still over fried.  He then ask me if I wanted him to give it to me raw because he could do that...I turned, said 'interesting customer service here' and left.  I'd never go back and would recommend you don't either.
Bland food. Serving wasn't well eg rice was cold, gyro wasn't well done, etc. kale wasnt well cut... not recommended.
I don't understand the hype. I did not like this place one bit. It was very easy to find, and very convenient because I work down the street from this place, so this is how they got the one star. So I walked in, I was impressed because it was very quaint and clean. This usually puts me in a good mood when the area is clean. So I checked out the menu online before I came so I can get an idea of the options. I was super amped!! I adore hummus, pita and veggies,  so I felt like I was winning !! Wrong, the vegetarian bowl was this weird combination of cold, soggy and hot stuff piled on top of each other. I believe they are trying to emulate Chipotle ' s Aesthetic, sorry, not feeling it. What did it in for me is that the kale was cooked with the stems on. What a lazy move! I will not be coming here again.  Sorry
As a parent this was not the place to take a kid, no kid menu. As an adult I thought it was a huge establishment that should have had more going for it. Perhaps I will try it out again in a couple months because the food was okay but nothing special.
Every time I make an attempt go eat here they are always closed. I'm not even sure if they are still operating as a regular restaurant or just a banquet hall.  Very disappointing place.
Food  = 5 stars. Try the spicy pasta  Service = 0 stars. Really bad. Took 40 mins to get food. No servers. Went on a Saturday afternoon for lunch. There were 6 tables that had customers and only one guy that took orders. It took so long, that some customers left without eating. Not a good sign.
Pros:  It's in my neighborhood, food is good (not great) because it's inconsistent. Cons:  It's too pricey for what you get.  The owner is not customer friendly.  I wanted the chicken scharma with rice but I asked to substitute the pickled peppers and carrots with a scoop of the tabuli salad, he said no.  I offered to pay one dollar more for the scoop, he still said no. I don't get this.  It was such a small amount I can't understand his decision.  He wanted me to pay 3.99 for a small side order.  This behavior doesn't make me feel valued as a customer, especially since it doesn't make a lot of sense, from a business perspective or human perspective.  i won't go back!
I was really happy when this place opened because it was another close Mediterranean restaurant to try. However, I went in and ordered a beef sharwma plate and a chicken sharwma plate and asked for the rice to be substituted for a salad. He said that's not a problem, it will only be $1 more. I end up getting my receipt and it's actually $5 more. I received my food and when I got home I realized there is no pita bread and the portions are small for a plate. For a new restaurant with 4 customers in the restaurant this place should easily be able to make the orders correctly. I will keeping going to Stefanos down the street from now on.
I was so excited when I found out Yalla was opening near my house- we were in need of a good Med Cuisine place there, and also, it is owned by Khoury's- my FAVORITE place to eat.   We ordered a few things, the roasted chicken sandwich, Fatoush salad with Chicken, and the beef kabobs.  The rice was out of this world! It has a little crispy thin noodles and a light oil.  The hummus was great and the Fatoush was so tasty.  My husband had no complaints about the sandwich..but we did have a couple downsides.   The order was billed incorrectly.  And the cashier was very apologetic, but ended up billing me more, so that he didn't have to call his manager to fix it.  I felt that he should have just billed me the price he told me over the phone and comped his mistake.  Also, their Pita bread was not as good as i had hoped, tasted kind of old.   I'll be back though.  UPDATE:  I did come back, only to wait in line behind another customer for 10 minutes (at a counter btw) without so much as a "hello", or "sorry" from the cashier. The wait was so long becuase this woman could not get her order together and we were ignored so we just left. AWFUL SERVICE. Cashier should have acknowledged us, or offered to start our order while the customer ran out to her car, but no. Nothing. AWFUL!  We went to Osaka across the street.
I am a Vegetarian. I have been one for over 15 years, so i generally know the cost of the foods i eat. With that being said, this place is nothing but a scam! I paid $9.50 for a dish of 5 fallafel balls, a few slices of old chewy un-seasoned tomatoes, a few slices of old cucumbers, some brown lettuce(used as garnish) and some straight out of the jar pepperoncini( 2 of them)......i also got a cup of the lentil soup...which was $3.99 and may as well have been served in one of those cups that you keep by your bathroom sink! it was so small! My boyfriend got a shawarma sandwich, which was only $5.99!......the sandwich was pretty big loaded with meat,, and veggies,  and filled him up nicely, but how is it that my meal which consisted of nothing but veggies was more than the meat??? Considering the cost of one tomato is less then .50? and all i got was a few slices of old chewy tomato?I am a small business owner so i understand mark-up but come on!!  I am middle eastern by descent so i have to say that the soup and falaffel were very good...but despite that i will not be coming back here due to the absurd prices....i even noticed that to add fries to a sandwich was an additional $2.99! That seems insane to me! They also have a "veggie skewer dish" for over $9 which consists of 2 skewers that have one piece of broccoli, a few pieces of tomato, some onion slices and some red bell pepper slices...served over rice, thats it!!
I really like this place! Food is delicious! Fresh and clean environment and you can see they take pride on there fare. My only complaint is reliability! I came here looking to by a whole chicken during peak dinner hour and they had none. I asked why and they said that were just not busy enough to make more than 2 chickens for dinner and 2 for lunch. The rotisserie is always empty and the place has very little business. It is a shame because the food rocks! I do go elsewhere when I am looking to buy chicken to take home for dinner. There is a great place down the street that is awesome as well. Reliability is a factor! I will stop into Yalla for lunch and order a Shawarma. I wish this place nothing but the best. Maybe they should market a little better. IMHO. That is the only reason I am giving them 3 stars! If they build there clientele and work on the loyalty and reliability Yalla is 5 stars in my book!
Well I guess that's the end of yalla as we knew it! The place has new owners and went down hill quick. Went in today to an empty restaurant and was with my wife and daughter. I asked "Jacob" if he can substitute the hummus for something else for my daughter because she is allergic to sesame and he said he can give her a salad for a dollar more, I was like, really! I am one of your best and only customers and he rolled his eyes as he proceeded to charge me and get my whole order wrong. Never gave us our kefta and we had to wait for. that. Bad vibes thru out. Signs of despair. Food was ok but not a craving like before. I am sure it won't last.
Is there a rating lower than 1 star???   So I decided to stop in on a whim while driving by.  Big mistake.  I walked in and went to the counter to order - had to wait for someone to actually notice me there.  The young girl told me to grab a seat as I decided to eat in.  I grabbed that seat and ordered a glass of water which she brought promptly.  Without a doubt, based on the stale dirt taste, this was unfiltered tap water.  So I look at the menu and it takes me about 1 minute to decide on the gyro... 5 minutes go by.... 10 minutes go by...   17 minutes and FINALLY I catch the attention of the girl delivering food to the only other customer's in the place.  She comes over and asks if I've ordered and proceeds to take my order.... Thank goodness it didn't take as long to get my food because I was starting to shake from hunger.  Apparently I got someone else's french fries with my order - according to the other customer in the restaurant as she was very vocal about  telling me and the server that I had her fries.  Like it's my fault and I served them to myself? It just keeps getting better.... So I dig in to my gyro... It's cold.  Everything is cold.  The meat, the pita.... ? What the hell? Then another couple comes in and they are immediately offered a basket of bread while they wait... Ummm.. I could have used the bread while I was sitting there STARVING, waiting for my order to be taken.  I had to go up front and ask for ketchup for my fries - I got handed packets.. ummm ok. Packets in a 'restaurant'.  Then as I sit down tearing open my ketchup packets she brings the other customer a bottle.  Really?   Anyhow.. so there I am eating... while I am doing so the girl comes to my table and reaches over my plate to take two of the three empty ketchup packets off my tray.  Why? Over my food? Only 2 of them?  By this point I am just thinking "don't come near me again" over and over in my head.   Well, she did.  Not only did she drop the bill and tell me "no rush", another girl came by and started resetting the table while I was sitting there eating!!!  CAN IT WAIT?????!!!!! I'M STILL EATING HERE!!!   By now I'm fuming and know that this was the worst lunch decision I've made... I walk up to pay the bill and provide an adequate tip for the level of service I was given... 1.00 (Lucky to be given even that much).  As I turn to walk away the girl at the front counter decides to make a noise like a cat growl and a comment about the tip.  She's lucky I continued to walk out instead of turn around and verbally lash out at her unprofessional/rude ass.    First and LAST time I will ever go there... and as far as recommendations... FORGET IT!
I have been here twice. The first time I got the Veggie Platter. A nice mix of hummus, pita, a little Greek salad and Dolmades. The food is nice, but nothing overly impressive.   On the first visit after ordering and waiting 5 minutes I was told they were out of hummus. What? A Greek place out of hummus?  At any rate I think they scraped the bottom of the barrel and I got some with my meal, but about half of what was pictured in the menu.   I went back again today, only because I was rushed for lunch and thought i'd give them another shot, since the food was ok last time.   I again ordered the veggie platter and was told it would be 20 minutes because they were slammed.  At the time they had three customers waiting that had already ordered. 20 minutes for a meal that has everything already made and just needs to be put in a to-go container. No thanks.   On top of this the staff is not really overly friendly. I'd skip this place.
Ok where is the tzatziki sauce? They don't carry it! Had the rice bowl and it was just that.. lots of mushy rice. I ordered the chicken and they hardly put any meat. The chicken tasted like tuna. Really wanted to like this place.
It was my second time coming here...the first time was when they first opened, and i was not impressed...after a few months of being opened i figured they would have things together.......firstly i would like to specify that i LOVE their rice! it is soooooo delicious! and i made sure to compliment them on that fact several times........my biggest complaint that a bowl of rice, chick peas and some veggies is waaaaay over priced...but thats not the worst part.....my rice was SWIMMING in oil!!! if you look at the pictures that is all oil at the bottom of the bowl! it was like an oil soup! i ate as much of the surface rice as i could handle...it was too good to throw away...but it was soooo hard to eat any more.......i wish they would consider the fact that a vegetarian should not be charged the same amount as a meat eater...veggies are way cheaper than meat........paying almost $10 for a bowl of rice and veggies seems like robbery....yeah the rice is yummy(when its dry) but i will not be back.
Horrible service. Took forever to serve the complete order. Don't want to waste more time by writing a more elaborate review.
This was our first and probably last visit. We placed a takeout order with a teenage, blonde cashier who was "interesting"..to say the least. My boyfriend asked for a lid to his to go cup and she asked him if he could be patient (in a sarcastic tone)-yikes! Anyone who reads my reviews knows I'm big on service so that gets a 1 star in my book. The food took forever and when we got home they forgot his bread and gave me a dry chicken salad with nothing more then lettuce, tomatoes, onions and cucumbers..deconstructed sandwich? The portions were on the small side for the price. Not impressed.
I bought a gift card for Groupon for this restaurant $15 what's the cost for $30 worth of food thought that was a great deal until after I finished the purchase and it said I could only use 10 dollars at a time it did not tell you this until after you confirm your purchase very dishonest when I asked the owner if I could use them. anyway that I was from out of town and would not be able to come back he said no so I got up and left I felt the server was very rude I tried to place an order several times she looked at me and walked away then when I asked to speak to the owner about the mishap with a certificate he didn't come until they put the food on the table. The food did look good and it was a good price but I was very unhappy with how they treated me.
Ate here twice.  Thought it was dirty and didn't find the food very good at all.
First impression: ohmygosh it smells so good!  After that though, I wasn't very impressed. The food was good, but they were out of several options on the buffet, some of the foods were clearly not freshly prepared, and I didn't get the impression that cleanliness mattered much to them.  We tried really  hard to like David's, but I can't give more than two stars.
First off, all of the entrees are over $10 with most being closer to $20 and the drinks start at $2.50 for a bottle of Jamaican soda. The beer was outrageous, and we were teased a bit when we didn't order it. I ordered the shrimp and papaya. It tasted good, and I know this is Wisconsin, but there were about 7 shrimp on a HUGE bed of cabbage. The plantain appetizer was served AFTER our meal arrived and they were soggy and fairly gross. To be fair, the ribs and chicken was a more substantial meal and was well executed. The worst part of the meal was the waitress. We were not greeted when we walked in although it was the middle of the dinner hour, which wasn't so bad, but it was a harbinger of how the rest of the meal went. After being werved, we didn't see the waitress again. During the meal, she never refilled our water glasses even tho that was the primary drink of my dinner mate.  After we were finished, I had to interrupt the waitress and the dishwasher who were watching TV, very loudly too, in order to get a to-go box. We were then chastised because the box was for my friend, not me, and she thought that he should've been the one to speak up. We shouldn't have had to speak up at all!!!  So, the final analysis is that they produce mostly good food, but it is WAY overpriced and the customer service sucks.
Although it wasn't totally terrible, David's Jamaican Cuisine is not a restaurant to which I will return. A friend and I met for lunch at David's a few days ago -- he had previously eaten there and didn't love it, but agreed to go again because I wanted to try it after reading all the great reviews on Yelp and other review sites. When we arrived, I was surprised to see a lunch buffet set up. Previous experience with lunch buffets at other restaurants has caused me to interpret buffets as warning signs, but, since we were already there, we decided to stay.  We ordered sodas, which arrived in cans. Not a big deal, but worth mentioning because I know some people prefer to drink out of cups.  The lunch buffet had approximately 15 options ranging from jerk chicken and jerk pork to plantains to rice to mango chicken to pineapple slaw with tofu. The jerk chicken was good, though not as flavorful as I had expected or hoped, but the other foods I tried ranged from blah to bad.  Based on the outstanding reviews David's has received, I was very surprised and disappointed by my experience. I'm tempted to give this restaurant one more try, but really can't decide if it's worth the money and the drive to Monona.
Ordered: curried goat, plantains, and patty.   Goat was well cooked - tender. Curry was bland and lacked spice and punch. Can't really mess up the rice so no complaints. Plantains were a little soggy and lacked crisp. Patty was way more dough than filling, wasn't flaky, and over priced for what it was(n't).   Ambiance: chill, good space, comforting. Variety of different riddims playing was a nice backdrop.   Service: Jamaican - however u wanna translate that.   I believe the flavors have been dialed back for the "demographic."
It would take a lot of mojitos and sangria to get me back to Havana Cafe anytime soon. Is the food bad? No. But Cuban food is a bit bland on my taste buds next to other foreign cuisines The San Juan Platter I had was kind of plain, and only a garlic sauce gave some of the items any taste at all. The pollo cubano was pretty much chicken soaked in lime juice and buried in sauteed onions.   But those mojitos and sangria are definitely tasty, and the waiting staff is excellent. It seemed, though, a woman I guess was the owner thought a Saturday night would be a great time to conduct a rather loud discussion about marketing and operations for Havana Cafe. That sliced into the already dull atmosphere.   Another complaint: Why does Havana Cafe feel the need to take up its entire front parking lot with valet parking? I'm neither too lazy to walk, not do I enjoy having strangers drive my vehicle. For a parking lot so small in a climate so mild, valet parking is just stupid.   Really, if I want a fairly fancy Latin-flavored meal, I'll just head over to Asi es la Vida or Mucho Gusto Taqueria. Both restaurants are a lot more inventive, interesting and memorable.
A party of four entered a small "Cuban Cafe" settled in between a dying strip mall. The wait service was below average. The mojitos were above average. The seafood was cooked well. But was it extremely memorable? No.  The dessert sampler were pretty good for the price. But if I was in Arizona again, I'd pass on this place.
Firstly, this is Arizona turn the air conditiioning on! Normally I am not big on atmosphere, but when its 80 degrees plus outside, I expect a comfortable temperature. I had to sit outside since the inside was stuffy, and the black curtains did not do my comfort level any justice.   Now that I am done ranting a bit, lets get on to the food. At this point, unfortunately, it does not get any better. We ordered the Pasteles, a tamale with pork, plantains, raisins, and spices, for an appetizer, and it was not that great. The masa was a bit dry, and the flavors weren't as scintillating as I expected, especially for the price.   For our entrees we had the Ropa Veija (shredded beef in spices with black beans and rice), which once again was not anything spectacular. This was the highlight of the meal, which to me is sad. The beef was a bit tough and the moros (rice and black beans mixed) was dry. Sadly, our other entree was much worse. This title is held by the Pollo Cubano (marinated chicken breast with onions). The chicken was tender on the bright side, but it was covered with onions that were disgustingly soaked in lime. The flavor was overwhelming and I could taste nothing other than lime.   Considering the price, atmosphere, and quality of Havana Cafe's food I will never return. If you must try this restaurant, I ask you to please not order the items mentioned above.
This is w/out a doubt the worst food I've had since I've been living in Phoenix. I gave it 2 stars, because the service was great, although the constant refilling of my water was getting a bit annoying. The food is not authentic, I had the Puerto Rican combo, which none of the food on there was even worth eating, while the hubby ate some traditional Cuban food, which was traditional tasting.   Wont be going here or recommending this place to anyone, unless they're thirsty.
I am hesitant to write this review seeing all the glorious write ups before me. I came for lunch today and was very disappointed. I ordered the tapas trio and 30 minutes later the server came over to tell me they were out of the sauce for the meatballs and the chef did not want to make a substitution. Not a big deal, but 30 minutes was quite a while to wait to be told to order something else.   On the servers suggestion I ordered the pollo cubano, it came out very, very dry. It was covered in a citrus sauce that was decent, but even with the sauce and marinated onions on top the chicken was barely edible.  My friend ordered Arroz con Pollo and the chicken was just as dry, I didn't taste any chorizo and the asparagus was overcooked to a mush. The sangria was pretty good and had a subtle rose taste.. I'd return just for it.  Like I said with so many good reviews perhaps this was just an off day. I'll certainly go back and give them another try, hopefully with an updated review to follow.
I have been here a couple of times and just not written a review for this location.   Last time was great everything we ordered was delicious and fresh, this time not so much, at least as my food was concerned.   On a recent rip to California I visited a Cuban bakery and cafe where I had the most amazing potato balls, that's what they call them there, a mashed potato croquet slightly larger than a golf ball, filled with seasoned ground beef and flash fried and Oh SO Amazing and only .80cents each! WHAT! ;-)   So when I saw Christina's review describing these fabulous treats I wondered how I over looked them and decided to make my way over to Havana.   I have to say I was extremely disappointed, 2 golf ball sized, dried out potato balls for $6.50! (see pics) They were not even edible in my opinion.   I asked the waiter to take them away.  I also ordered the calamari (see pics)which I was not happy with either but since someone in my party kept eating it, it was a little hard to send back.  It was very heavy if that makes sense, the crust was so thick and I though it was a tad rubbery but what turned me off the most was the grayish greenish color...........I wasn't going to eat these either.
I'm sadly disappointed with Havana Cafe.  I ordered the Pollo Ajillo over steamed rice with maduros.  The chicken was over-salted and had a lot of fat.  The rice tasted like something that was microwaved.  It was as if it was a frozen meal which was then plated and heavily salted. The maduros were ok.  I could barely get thru a few bites and felt bad when the hostess asked if she could box up the rest for me and I had to decline.   I'm not one to turn away from salt.  In fact, I''ve been known to add more salt to my food for taste.  So when I couldn't even handle this plate of food, it came as quite a surprise.  I would give Havana Cafe one star but I had a very attentive hostess, so I give Havana 2 stars because of the kind service.
This place is a huge dissapoinment. You look at the menu and you get excited thinking. Oh this is going to be good!!!  Then the food comes and is wrong. Very wrong.   The rice is wet and salty. Too much cilantro all over the place. This is not Mexican is Cuban. Yes we use cilantro on our food but not to that level.   Rice should not be soup.  Bad cooking period.
We attended an office party at this restaurant; a total of eight people. We were so unimpressed. The raves on this site were overrated. The food was well below par for the price. A couple of us ordered the paella (the one that takes 45 minutes to prepare) and shared. This dish was supposed to have had lobster, chunks of chicken and chorizo.  Let me first say that the lobster was the upper body (lung area) and claws,  no tail. Then, the sausage was perhaps three thin slices. The chunks of chicken- two. There was a mini-cubed mystery meat in the mix that was disturbing. The rice used was not an Italian variety but the highly glutenous Chinese variety. On top was a sprinkling of Le Sueur brand canned peas; which were  easily recognizable to half of the group. For the price of this pot we were expecting actual lobster meat, chunks of chicken and sausage and at least fresh peas (even fresh frozen would have been better). We have made better paella than this mess. Only one person at the table seemed pleased with their meal but then it was the person who suggested this restaurant. I normally would trust this person's taste but perhaps they had not tried too many dishes. I understand there are a few other Cuban style restaurants in the Valley; we're going to try out one of them next time or a Tapas bar. Over all, it was below standards; at least the service was excellent.
i usually get annoyed when i see people review a thai restaurant and give lower stars because neither the owners, nor customers, nor servers, nor anyone is thai. you've seen these reviews cause in my head, if the food and service are good, why should i give a shit who is serving it to me. the whole debate about authenticity is one i find annoying on several levels.  . so, first, no, i am not giving them two stars cause the guy who served us was the blondest gringo (with passable though arrogant spanish) with a haircut i don't know the name for but would describe as a mini bowl cut/possibly a shelf cut. his service was SHITTY, which definitely has something to do with the low stars. and it certainly doesn't help that i had to listen to him ask the waiter in spanish, which he assumed i didnt speak, maybe 7 times if the cheesy convertible out front was ours but then i had to listen to him talk about convertibles with another table for ten minutes. that may have something to do with the star takeway.  i actually could have heard the guitarist sing guantanemera 8 more times than listen to the waiter/possible owner talk about cars to the neighboring table. that is a big statement for me as my nipples usually invert for minimum 48 hours every time guantanemera is played anywhere within a 17 mile radius.  the most obvious reason for the 2 star rating is the food. it sucked shit. it did not taste that it was freshly cooked in any way. there was a film over teh meatball sauce that had to be broken several times for the moat of semi-warm liquid to emerge. everythin was severely underwhelming and lacked flavor. specifically, these items, in addition to tiny meatballs in a bowl of lukewarm sauce (that the mother, bless her, was a fan of) would be...  empanadita trio (we had the beef-BLAND)  some kind of black bean ball- the only reason this place didnt get one star is that the avocado dip for said BBball was tasty. this has to do with my undying love for the avocado rather than their particular dip  spanish tortilla- the worst i think ive ever had, and i spent 5 years as a poor tortilla eater in spain and argentina in  between english teachin gigs when they came as free tapas.  the best thing here was probably the bread, they brought it warm.  our other favorite was some kind of cheese spinach thing that i would put more in the greek family. wasn't bad. all in all, this place was, mas o menos, mierda
Okay so last night 6 of us came here for dinner. Its the 3rd time I have been to this location. The first time I thought it was AMAZING. Couldnt get enough of it. 2nd time was "ok", my drink (Pussy's Pain Killer) tasted off, not like the first visit and the food was somewhat bland. Chalked it off to being an off night. So last night I ordered a dish I had at the Bell Rd location which was phenomenal-Gallina Fritta. Last night it was almost dry, bland, you couldnt even taste the garlic or lime. So disappointing. My Pussy's Pain Killer tasted better but not even close to the "wow" factor the first time I had it. For this I dont think I will ever return, its far from consistent and has changed from "Amazing" to "meh" in 3 years time. Its time to find a new Cuban/Puerto Rican restaurant to get my fix.  As for the service..our server was extremely pleasant but scattered. He took appetizer orders from 4 of us and completely forgot to ask the other 2 at the table! Then the same 2.. their food entrees didnt even come out within 5 minutes of the rest of us.?? It is not a big restaurant and we were not a big party, so there was no reason for the service to be sub par.  In the poetic stylings of Guns -n-Roses." I used to love her...ooh yeah.. but I had to kill her"..is my final word on this place.
Last night I introduced my friends to my fianc. It took me a long time to decide on the perfect restaurant for us all to get together for some wonderful food and drinks. I remembered going to Havana Cafe before and enjoyed it quite a bit, so finally decided that would be the spot. Sadly, this time around it wasn't very impressive. My drinks were verrrrrry weak, my food was not flavorful or even displayed in an appetizing manner. The appetizers and dessert were good, but not amazing. I'm not sure why last night was different, but it was different enough to ensure that I probably won't return. That makes me sad.
Wanted to use my Groupon, and they were closed for renovation! Not sure how long that will last, but you may want to call first if you are thinking of going soon. Will update when I can actually go!
So this is heartbreaking.  I've been going to Havana cafe for years and over looked a lot as far as decor and service, but once the food goes... So do I.  A friend who used to live here, who was visiting, suggested Havana cafe for dinner since it was always great.  Our food was not good.  It was ok at BEST and our service was lack luster- snotty really.  Then they cleared our plates before we were done and started to vacuum while we were still eating. If we were the only people keeping them there late, which it was NOT LATE AT ALL (and we weren't the only patrons there)  I could understand, but overall the service was poor right out the gate and our food wasn't great, So we will not be going back, which breaks my heart. Since I've had many good experiences in the past. I always knew I was paying more, but I figured it was worth it, but I don't think $400 for 5 people was worth that kind of poor service.  ESPECIALLY since SO many places are closing up these days.
If you ever tried "real Cuban food" you will be disappointed at the lack of taste and the mundane appearance of the food. The food is overpriced, the tamales are awful, nothing like Cuban tamales at all. The local is poorly decorated,  and you need to bring a butt cushion to make your sitting experience a bit more pleasant on those plastic patio chairs. The service was below average, and one of the waitress could not find a way to smile. Really disappointing.   Now the goods. Extensive menu, with many legitimate named cuban dishes, may be you will find something good, their name evokes that mysticism and curiosity we have about beautiful Havana,  and,  many people have never tried real cuban food so the restaurant will survive.
First time trying Cuban food, so that was fun to try something new.  Other than that, there was nothing to really rave about.  The wait staff did not seem thrilled to be there, people had little kids acting up in the tiny restaurant and the tables are on top of each other, so cell phone conversations took away from the experience too.  Not sure I would go again, but glad we finally gave it a try.
This Havana Cafe location fell very short of our expectations.  We were greeted and shown to a table surrounded by plastic patio chairs.  Looking around, we noticed this was part of the restaurant's decor, which seemed odd considering the price of the dishes averaged $20/plate.  We were offered a $3 mojito drink special, which was fair but poorly muddled.  For entrees we selected the Bistecs Cubanos, which was bland, and the Salmon con Salsa Papaya, which was admittedly good.  Though one dish was OK, we left the restaurant wondering what all of the hype was about.  We will not be returning to the Havana Cafe given the poor value of the meal and the less-than-notable ambiance.
We have tried Havana Cafe several times as we love Cuban food (used to live in Miami). Tonight, once again we had just OK food and way over paid.   My Daughter has to eat "gluten free" and we found out today they do NOT have a dedicated fryer.  At the table next to us the kids were eating chicken nuggets.  My Celiac peers please double check before eating here.  The Masas de Puerco was dry and I ended up with the burned part of the beans from the bottom of the pan.  The food is barely average and super expensive.  We had 2 appetizers and 2 main dishes for four of us (2 kids) with one soda and it was over $60.  Kids dishes are $9.95.
Oh no oh no oh no :[ The decline of one of my favorite restaurants is upon us, which makes me very sad. This might be a bit long as I normally hold Havana Caf very near and dear to my heart.   Over the last 4 years I have been to each of the three locations (north valley, Central and Chandler - which has since closed) and loved each. Consistently good food, drinks, and service. The past few times I have visited, I've started to see the signs of a decline in quality, but last night really sealed the deal.   The mojitos - These are what DRIVE me to the restaurant. I have long said that the mojitos at Havana Caf are my very favorite libations that have ever crossed my lips. Always very fresh, not too sweet, lots of mint, and perfectly strong. Last night they tasted like they came from a MIX. I do have to say that they were quite strong, so that was nice as I do enjoy a bit of a buzz, but that was about the only redeeming quality. A microscopic amount of mint, syrupy taste, and why on god's green earth were they PINK?! They were never pink before!   The food - I had my usual, the Paradise Pulled Pork. It was tasty as always! They have definitely messed with the portions though. You used to get an equal amount of pork, to the rice and bean mixture. That being said, you still get a considerable amount of food. But for $20 it stung a bit to be given the shaft on my tasty shredded swine.   My honey had the Gambas y Pollo which we really enjoyed. It was quite tasty! Yummy sauce that complimented the shrimp quite well.  The service - Really pretty bad. The man who took care of us (and the only one who was there serving) was not outright rude, but I felt like we were interrupting the bookkeeping that he was doing at the table in the corner, by coming in to eat (we were not the only people there). When my man asked him whether he liked the mojito or the caipirinha better, he made sort of a big deal of saying that in the (large amount) of years he has worked there, he has never tried either as they just don't appeal to him. An odd answer for sure, but I guess honest. He gave both of us a really crappy vibe. While we were there he actually threw something at the busboy.   I have experienced this man before - and once saw him repeatedly being extremely rude to a guest on the patio over the entire course of my dinner. I don't know the whole story but it was very off-putting. That experience almost had me saying I was not going to come back to this location, but what can I say, it's always been a fav of mine.   I REALLY hope this was a fluke, as I would hate to see such a previously amazing restaurant take this bad of a nose dive.   I almost feel like I've lost a best friend.   TL;DR - Great food. Definitely overpriced especially on account of the shrinking portions. Shitty service. POOR mojitos (which previously would knock my socks off).
Last night I went back to Havana Cafe with a groupon and wasn't as excited when I left.  For starters we get there and go to ask for a table and get wait time and the head of the house says it's like 20-30 min wait you sure you want to wait and we said yes that's fine and he goes ok and walks off shaking his head.  We were a little caught by surprise as that's not very professional but whatever he wasn't the cook.  So we sit down and wait and notice he is trying to get people to not wait and leave every single party that came up asking for a table as a matter of fact.  Many of us waiting have started to laugh at how horrible this guy is.  He even went as far as saying ya it's over a 30 min. wait so I wouldn't wait if I were you.  OMG really??? I hope the owner reads this and does something because if that was my restaurant I would be pissed.    Anyways on to the meal.  Laura A. and I shared the Tapas sampler which was good it comes with a Tamal Cubano which was excellent, some Chorizo and vegetables, Frituras de Frijoles, Maduros Fritos, Bacalaitos Fritos, and a couple Croquetas.  It was perfect for the two of us to share but there was a lot of fried on the plate which wasn't as much variety as we would hope for.    We both finished the meal with coffee she got the Caf Cubano which was a sweet espresso and I went with the Moro Castle which had Dark rum, Bailey's and butterscotch schnapps combined with Cuban coffee it was a nice way to end the evening and enjoy with dessert which we shared a coconut flan with mango sauce.  The dessert was good not great though I am a huge flan fan and I have had better.    So overall I would say the meal was a 3.5 but the front of the house being so rude knocked it all the way down to a 2.  Pretty sad after I had given it a 4.5 on my last trip.
I have never written a review, but the food at Havana Cafe was so underwhelming (and not in the least bit good) that I feel compelled to share.  I ordered the Pollo Ajillo which, in reality, was a pile of salt with a side of chicken and rice. I opted for Arroz con Gandules instead of white rice as it has been years since I have had this tasty Puerto Rican side. The whole thing was almost inedible... I came home and actually brushed my teeth immediately, it was so bad!  My husband had the Pollo Cubano, which was equally underwhelming and nothing that we could not make at home ourselves.  The restaurant gets an extra star for the wonderful Cafe Cubano and the extremely attentive wait staff .  I had high hopes for this place but the next time I have a craving for Cuban food, I will be heading to Sabor Cubano.
Let me start by saying that I absolutely LOVED the food.  My dinner was spot on.  So why the 2 stars?  Quite frankly, it was way over priced.  And I'm not talking about a few dollars too expensive.  For an average dinner, you'll be spending $25 to $30.  And while the food is tasty, the ambiance does not come close to warranting $30 per plate.
I lived in Miami for many years, so I can say this was mediocre Cuban food with some authority. Not bad, but for what you got, the price was outrageous. For that kind of money, you could do some real fine dining.
I really wanted to like this place. Due to poor service and overpriced entrees, they only get 2 stars. We ordered the black bean fritters with avocado dip, the pulled pork, the Cuban style steak and flan for dessert. It was just "ok." The food alone was at least 3 stars; however, in my opinion the price was too expensive for the quality of their food. If I'm going to pay $30 for my meal, I want to at least sit on a non-patio plastic chair.   On to the service . . . the whole time, we wished we had the other waiter. He seemed happy to work there and was so informative to his customers. Our server was more concerned about pushing us to order more food that she decided to slack on her waitressing abilities (i.e. refilling water). She would say subtle things to make us feel like we were not ordering enough, such as "that's it! just one dessert?," "any other appetizer?," "are you sure you don't want a sangria?" These weren't said with a smile either. She was worried about her tip amount, and she should be after how she treated us. Needless to say, I would have given them 1 star but the food made up for it.   I think I'll try some place else for my Cuban fix.
I want to like it more, I really do.
I was so looking forward to making this a restaurant that I could frequent often since I am a huge fan of Latin food. I invited my grandparents to meet me here for dinner back in March 2011. The inside of the restaurant is inviting until you realize that your chairs are those that you see at Lowe's for a backyard pool party....plastic? Come on for the prices they are asking averaging $20-35 a plate. Why plastic chairs? We started off with 4 mojitos and some appetizers. Platanos-fried plantains with garlic sauce. They were okay but found them to be more on the chewy side than crispy. We all had Ropa Vieja with potatoes and rice. I was disappointed in my main entree as it was overpriced for the quality of food that I was served. My grandparents seemed to enjoy their dishes but also were so engaged in making the evening special since it was the night before my grandmother's birthday. My bf was not impressed with his entree either. This is not real Cuban food and I can tell you this because I have a close friend who is Cuban that has cooked for me. get your passport and travel to Cuba through Canada and go have yourself some REAL Cuban cuisine not this crap that they "call" Cuban food. It is overpriced for all that you get. it got two stars because the service was attentive and staff was friendly plus the 3 mojitos I drank were the best out of everything there!
I have to say, I was very disappointed with my dining experience at Havana Cafe last night... the place smelled wonderful upon walking in and everything tasted okay (though not as fresh as I would have expected for the price), but I was thrown off-guard by the plastic chairs and frozen fishstick-resembling appetizers!  The sangria is delectable and, in the moment, I enjoyed the ceviche. However, the tapas sampler was incredibly disappointing... I've traveled throughout the Latin Caribbean and this food did not meet my expectations.   Most importantly, though, I awoke in the middle of the night to horrible cramping, chills, and diarrhea that kept me up for hours. I have strong reason to believe this was food poisoning from the restaurant (given I didn't eat anything else last night) and I have every intention of pursuing a full refund.
The world's slowest service - do not go here if you are in a hurry. The food was a miss for me but I don't blame the restaurant - I had the Pollo Cubano and the flavor was really bright - not really my thing but maybe I just don't like Cuban flavors. I did enjoy the rice and beans on the side. The server was courteous but so sloooooooow - I don't see a reason to go back.
I was hoping for so much more.  Kind of a cute looking restaurant.  Outside patio is quaint and fine.  We had the tostones which weren't as crispy as i like them and the sauce that accompanies the tostones wasn't that great.  They were already all out of the arroz con pollo by 6:30 p.m. (what?!) so I had another chicken dish.  Husband had the pulled pork.  We were not wowed by either dish.  Wasn't horrible but nothing to come back for. The worst part was how all over the place the wait-staff was.  One person was like the hostess but was coming to our table throughout the night.  Another dude came and took our food order but was so creepy that i nearly lost my appetite.  Yet another person delivered our meals but again returned to the table at some point to clear a dish and then another person cleared other dishes.  We waited forever for our check, forever to pay, etc.  And although it sounds like a lot of people were coming to our table, few people actually visited us after our food arrived to see how everything was.  My husband was SO annoyed.  Definitely not a great place and not worth its money.  it's a shame because if the owners knew how badly run it was, they'd change it--very much out of a kitchen nightmares episode.
Yelp alerted me that I have a review to complete, from nearly 2 years ago.   I remember how I felt about this place back then, and still feel strongly about this place now. Recollections of how much I would not like to return to this place again.   Find a place that serves Cuban-inspired food, or if there is a frozen aisle that does, heat it up in a microwave, transfer it onto a plate, and voila! Of course you'll remember to remove that non-microwaveable plastic film that Havana overlooked.
I came to the Phoenix location for lunch through Groupon.  I ordered the beef brisket called Ropa Vieja, which was very tough and like eating strands of rope.  I could see where it got it's name "ropa", because it is like cooked strands of rope. There was plenty of meat, but the flavor was all boiled and leached out of the meat.  It was served to me like a stew , but the beans and rice side and the ropa was swimming in a plateful of water almost to the edge of the plate.  The ropa stew had no flavor, like it was boiled in a big potful of plain water that kept getting changed.  I had to add a lot of salt., shake more and more and more salt on it.   It was very ICK to me.   I wish I ordered the cerviche instead.  I didn't think the ropa was worth it even with the Groupon discount, I would not want that dish even if it were free, unless I was starving.  I told the waitress it was very bland and asked her if it was normal to have all that water in the plate.   She said it was "juicey", but to me, juice implies flavor, but I guess "juice" for water is a waitress being positive and politically correct on her job.   My jaws were tired trying to chew the strands of "rope".  She did not offer to bring me something else.  She said that was the way it was.  For dessert, I ordered the coconut mini flan with mango sauce, and that was really good!   I'd give it an A and the size was larger than the word mini implies.    Sorry for such  negative review about the ropa, but I tell it like it is, and if I thought it was terrific, I'd surely say so.  Maybe you will find something else on the menu to your liking, or maybe you are less discriminating than I am about tough and flavorless Ropa meat swimming in a plateful of water  (Yes, I know the difference between juice, sauce, soup, and water.).   I consider myself a great cook and I eat out a lot.    I only tried this Ropa, and it is not good enough to make me wanna give this restaurant another change at my own cost.   The waitress was very nice and attentive though, I have no complaints about her service, but she did not offer me a substitute.  I would have given it a one star, but she was a friendly and attentive waitress.
I love cuban food!  And so I take every chance to eat it, so when I saw a cuban very close to our hotel in Scottsdale, I was there!  Unfortunately, the minute I walked in, I should have turned around and walked right back out again.  There was a distinct smell that wasn't clean and wasn't pleasant.  But my interest in  a good cuban meal got the better of me.  Big mistake.  The food was definitely sub-par.  I had the sampler, which included pollo cubano, ropa vieja, and masas de puerco.  Unfortunately, none of the dishes was particularly flavorful, and none were good renditions of the dish.  The pollo was bland other than an overly acidic sauce, the ropa vieja was just lacking in flavor and the vegetables and broth hadn't been blended together, and the masas weren't crispy in the least.  The whole meal was a huge let down.
I had not been to this resturant in some time, now I remember why I have not been back.  The food is ok, however the atmopsphere is sub par for sure.  I had the cuban meatloaf, the meat and glazed yuca were dry, but eitable and fried bananas were obivously from a package.  The only thing great was the black beans.    For the prices of the food, you would think you would have more then a plastic chair to sit in.  One of the people helping to serve food, I think is one of the managers, actually needs a class on how to serve, sorry grasping my glass by the rim is not a proper way to serve a drink.  Also you need to wash your hands before serving food after counting money.  The cleaning bottle for the tables was on the same counter as the serving counter/mixing area for drinks.  They really need a refresher course on food handling.  Possibily over due for a health inspection too.  I was very disappointed in my experienxe.
Havana Cafe refused my business today when I walked into their establishment wearing a trendy bluish, turquoise singlet. Apparently, this wannabe 4-star "cafe", that resides in a plaza for God's sakes has a clothing rule that says men have to wear sleeves, but women do not. I challenged, Keith, the waiter/proprietor, that my date was also wearing a similar sleeveless top and he proceeded to tell me that men are not allowed to wear sleeveless tops, and that if I were to eat there I would have to wear one of his awful red Hawaiian print polos with bamboo images on it that was two sizes too big! WTF?! So you'd rather offend me and require me to wear some crap Hawaiian shirt that I'm swimming in?! Mind you, it's 113 degrees out! In what world is this more "appropriate attire" than my tank and not outright sexual discrimination? For those of you who think this is a joke, it ACTUALLY HAPPENED!
This place is highly overpriced and over the top. The food was decent, yet indecently priced. If you are going to charge me $15+ for an entree, then don't seat me in a plastic chair that was procured no less than twenty years ago. Maybe it's part of the "charm," but I wasn't impressed, and I will not return unless the prices on the menu fall to fares that fit the flare.   For the appetizer, I ordered the beef empanadas. Having traveled to Argentina, I know a good empanada. Havana's meat filled pasty left something to be desired - not enough spice and too greasy.   For the entrees, I ordered the fried chicken and the paradise pulled pork. Both came with black beans and rice. The beans were good - blended with onions and cilantro. The rice was as plain as Jane. I found the chicken to be quite good. I liked the corn starch dusted coating and the overall flavor and moistness of the chicken. The paradise pulled pork was mediocre, at best. While the price was jacked to the max, the portion sure was not. I've had better tasting carnitas for half as much.   I love when a restaurant leaves me excited to come back and try some more, and sadly Havana Cafe has not done that for me.
I had passed this place when traveling back and forth on Camelback for years, and finally a groupon brought me inside. Upon first entering the restaurant I was kind of surprised how small it was, which in my book is a good thing. The walls were filled with all things cuban. However all the tables had plastic chairs, you know the kind you find outside on a patio. Very uncomfortable and extremely tacky. The menu seemed pretty good, I had the Pollo Cubano. It was chicken with black beans and rice and a lime sauce. The sauce tasted great for the 1st few bites, but after that it was overwhelmingly citric, almost to the point where I couldn't eat it anymore.  Luckily my wife has ordered another chicken dish that was salty that I could swap with to break the taste up. If they dial back the amount of lime in the dish I think it could have been much better but I would not order again. My wife's dish was rather plain, just some chicken in sherry with rice, nothing memorable.  A few other things, the table tops are made of glass with no tablecloth, so when you cut your food (with a butter knife mind you, since they had no other knives) your plate slides around. Then there is the cost. I normally don't mind paying 18-25 bucks for food, but not here. The food is way, way overpriced for what you get especially considered you are sitting in plastic lawn chairs. I think honestly the food should cost no more than $10 tops, until they upgrade the dining experience.
"My wife and I ate there a few weeks back, I thought the atmosphere was quaint and inviting however after we were sat it took quite some time before our waiter came back to us for anything. I found him to be unwelcoming and inattentive the 2 Hispanic helpers were much more courteous and attentive. The food was Ok  it wasn't horrible but i would not write home about it. It was my fist time there and maybe it was an off night but i would be reluctant to recommend the place to a friend or return simply because the service was horrible. I do how however like ambiance.
Any Latin restaurant that uses minute rice is horrible.  Havana Cafe is one of these places.  Overpriced, rice is awful, pasteles are dry,  The one good thing is the pork.  But it doesn't warrant my going back . . . EVER
I just left the Havana Cafe and to say the least we were very disappointed. I have been to the Cafe months ago and enjoyed my meal immensely. I must say to be served the same 18.00 entree tonight half the size on a salad plate was a shock.  On the appetizer side to be served four bacon wrapped dates served on a little plate with a dollie was a joke. It is a shame that a restaurant we visited and enjoyed just months ago could change for the worse so quickly.
I was raised in Miami with a Cuban mother so I think I have enough grounds to say that if you are looking for good Cuban food...this is not the place.  The food was tasteless, not authentic and way over priced. 3 croquetas (tiny ones and def not Cuabn) were $5.50  Dinner was $63 for my wife and I. we left hungry and dissapointed. :(
AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!food is awful, place smells.  Would not recommend this place at all. Food is made with this lime juice and all food is covered with onions, and the black beans and rice is GROSS.
I've been to Havana caf before, but it's been at least 5 years or so. Long enough for me to forget that this place was forgettable, in my own opinion. Take that for what it is, I don't eat much Cuban food.  I was unexcited to find that Havana caf didn't have any spots available to park, and the rest of the open spots in the parking lot were all labeled specifically for the next door flower shop, coffee shop, and so on. What was I to do? I risked it and parked in a flower shop spot, and well, I wasn't towed, but I still felt like I was doing something wrong by parking there :-/  Ultimately, I was lured back with a groupon they had available a few months ago. My first mistake was expecting that I could use my groupon to pay for meals which both totaled above $30 (the value of my groupon) and ALSO ordering additional items from their HH menu. I asked for two of their mojitos and was told that I couldn't order HH since I was using a groupon also. I obliged and let them know that water was just fine. My guess is they realized I wanted to buy my drinks in addition to our meals, and the waitress came back a few minutes later and told us she would put our drink order on a separate check. Nice save on their part - I was a bit miffed at first!  My second mistake was not realizing how excessively sweet their mojito was going to be. I saw at the bottom of the glass, what appeared to be a large spoonful of sugar. In this case, it didn't help the medicine go down. After them accommodating me with the drink order and all, I didn't want to make a big to do out of this, so I soldiered my way through my drink.  I ordered a shredded beef dish, and my wife a shredded/pulled pork dish. Apparently Cuban's like bell peppers and onions a heck of a lot more than I do. The peppers and onions with my dish accounted for about 3/4th's of the meal. I ate two or three slices of the peppers and a few slices of the onion, but was not satisfied with the small amount of beef the meal came with for a sticker price of $16, and even at $8 since I was paying about half with the groupon.  My third mistake was choosing to sub their house vegetables for the beans and rice. I don't eat that many carbs, so often I will exchange potatoes, fries, rice, etc for whatever vegetable is available. The waitress explained that it was a mixture of squash, zucchini, mushrooms, and a few others. In reality, it turned out to be a few slices of squash, a few slices of zucchini, a couple of mushrooms, and guess what, a bucket load of chopped bell peppers and chopped onions. They were also nice enough to charge me extra for the substitution with the meal now totaling $18 before tax and tip.  Two $6 mojito's, two $16 meals, an upcharge for the vegetables, and a $5 forgettable appetizer (I don't exactly remember what it was at this point). I was leaving with a $65 meal after tax and tip, hey, I saved $15 on the groupon though.  Happy Yelping Phoenix, I hope I made it apparent how unimpressive this spot is. Maybe you prefer pan fried peppers with a bit of beef and a side of... pan fried peppers.
Ah, the dreaded worst-experience of my life, horrible service, overcharged BIRTHDAY meal...that ended up in moderate-severe food poisoning.  I'm talking the kind of food poisoning where at one point I desecrated the restrooms of a lovely restaurant in downtown Phoenix and ended up laying face down on the sidewalk...to where a homeless man asked me if I was ok.  Yeah.  It was that bad.  Food poisoning aside, it was STILL the worst meal of my life, and this WAS my favorite low-key restaurant in the valley.  Apparently my birthday fell on the last day of a groupon or livingsocial redemption.  Unlucky us, we paid full price (more than actually...since we were charged for the wrong items they brought out and subsequently took back), and were treated worse somehow than the coupon folks -- because it was a set menu and so the kitchen didn't want to make things not on THAT menu -- despite our paying full freaking price.  FACT: When one is celebrating their birthday, they want a cocktail.  I wanted a cocktail.  Actually, I wanted three.  I got my first cocktail after I'd been there nearly an hour (oh yeah, the "10 minute" wait I was told about was actually 40).  I didn't get a refill.  Or asked if I wanted a refill. Of that drink, or my water.  But I asked!  Oh, did I ask!   I drank my water and my dining companions.  And then eventually drank the melted ice from my un-refilled mojito. The 2 employees (great staffing job on a day you know will be busy with coupon redeemers!) were basically losing their minds, running around, and super stressed.  They had basically given up by the time we were eating.   That is why I feel like the food poisoning occurred from something truly awful. Like employees deliberately fucking with my food horrible.  I'm not sure what they normally do when people have their birthday at a restaurant, but we weren't offered dessert menus, let alone a comped dessert.  They knew it was my birthday.  They knew at the beginning we were paying the full price.  And still...worst.service.ever.  ***I actually filled out a comment card back in November listing my email address and phone number, where I specifically requested to be contacted (again, this was before the food poisoning).  This review was written right after the visit, and I sort of "sat" on it for literally over 6 months, in hopes someone would actually contact me.  I gave them the chance, I guess they really just don't give a shit.
My wife and I went to Havana Caf on our 1st date.  Needless to say we love the place and it means something special to us.  We have been there many times.  The past 3 visits have gone downhill quickly.  3 visits ago, the Paella was mediocre at best.  2 visits ago, the service was poor.  This last trip the service was horrid.  The food was good.   However we waited 20 minutes for our check.  There were 6 of us and they added an automatic 20% gratuity.  I understand that is the policy of most places.  But when the service is plain and simply bad that is just not ok.  To top it off, at 6pm on a Saturday evening, it wasn't just warm in the restaurant, it was flat out HOT.  I was sweating for the 2nd half of our dinner and throughout the time we waited to get our check.  The service and temperature made for a very bad experience.    I am very sad to say that we will not be back to Havana caf.
I have eaten here many times, the menu has changed, food is OK.  $1.95 for sour cream, REALLY???  Enough said!  I will not be back.
Kid sized portions- left with a starving stomach and a lighter wallet.  My cup of coffee was not even 1/2 way full.  My food arrived on a doll size plate, only about 5 bitez. Ordered dessert and was quickly let down by that portion, too...shocker. I have seen children's meals with larger portions.  It would take double the amount of food to satisfy me. Too bad because if the portions were better I might have been able to appreciate the quality of the food.
This food was Horrible, very bland and dry I had the San Juan Combination. The Rice was dry no season or anthing. Puerto Rican Tamal was hard and dry it should have been moist and flavoral. Plantains was stiff as a rock and again no flavor. Mashed garlics plantains no flavor. My husband had Arroz con pollo the chicken was dry crispy and no flavor. Just save your money. This food had no Pizzazz or party in my mouth. The name sounds cool of the restaurant, but unfortunately so small and scrunched up. I would never recommend my friends or family at this place not even for appetizers and drinks.
We went with a group of friends, and were very disappointed, I have been there before and I strongly recommended place, however food was terrible and overprice, I don't what had happened, service was poor, waited long for waitress to take order, or even take the drinks order, when she finally took order for food it took more than one hour wait for food to come  one at a time, 20% was added to bill, and this was not OK specially after poor service. Anyway will definitely won't EVER go back....
I really wanted to like this place, I really did. Unfortunately, our dinner just kept disappointing. Thank baby Jesus for Groupon, because if we had spent full price for our meals, I'd probably develop an eye twitch.   I went with their $18 vegetarian dinner special (poblano stuffed peppers with white beans, covered in a creamy tarragon sauce) over rice. My boyfriend ordered the Gallina Frita (shredded fried chicken breast with onion and Moros- rice and black beans).  The presentation of the food left something to be desired, but then again, so did the taste. We got pretty small plates (perhaps because I let it slip that we had a coupon?) The vegetarian poblano pepper entree ($18 mind you) had only one half of a stuffed pepper, over plain white rice, and was covered with a cheese sauce that was Velveeta-esque. There were no subtle nuances of flavors, just a bit of creamy slop with boiled tomato bits floating in the cheesy sea of regret. The corn bread that came with the meal was clearly microwaved and was 2"x 2"-- a sad display.   The chicken entree was dry and almost tasteless, except for the overly salted moros. My boyfriend didn't even finish the chicken nor did he want my corn bread. This is a first on so many levels.   This was Cuban cuisine?! Where's the seasoning? The spices? Where is the flavor?!   We left the Havana cafe and bid adieu to the plastic chairs and the tasteless plates of microwaved sadness.
Growing up in Phoenix, I used to love Havana Cafe. I had birthday dinners here several times. This week, my Dad proposed that we revisit Havana Cafe to celebrate my Master's.  When we arrived at 5:30 on a Tuesday, we were one of three tables in the restaurant. The server (there was only one) kept our waters refilled, but it took 25 minutes to have our orders taken. We ordered maduros and black bean fritters to start. The maduros were heavenly, but it is hard to go wrong with a fried plantain. The black bean fritters were... not what I remembered. It may have just been a bad batch, but ours were suspiciously liquid on the inside.   For entree, I ordered Camarones Havana, my Dad had the Cuban sandwich, and my stepmom got a special: several pieces of pork with black beans and rice, yucca root, and more maduros. Dad loved the Cuban sandwich, stepmom seemed to enjoy the pork, but not much of the sides. We had to add a lot of salt to our food when it arrived, I don't think there was any added in the kitchen.   I was disappointed with my ($22) Camarones Havana. I received no sides, and the plate was just bland. It became marginally better with salt, but still. Where's the flavor? I ended up eating black beans and rice off my parents' plates.   By the time we left, the restaurant was mostly full inside, with a few people sitting outside. Because there was only one server, it took us another 20 minutes to get boxes and our check.   Sad to say I don't think I'll be back, unless it's to order some maduros to go.
I don't have a problem paying $60-$80 for two, but when its worth it.  I think if it wasn't ridiculously over-priced it might have been a better experience.  I'm South American, grew up with Caribbean-Latin American food and I've had better.  But if you've never had Cuban, Puerto Rican or any Latin food; then I guess at least try it once.
What a disappointment! I had been wanting to come here for months. The service was embarrassingly bad. Despite the empty tables, there were 3 different groups waiting at least 15 minutes to be seated. Everyone in the restaurant seemed to be looking around for their waiter/waitress and looking generally displeased. We requested one of the several tables outside and were told by the surly hostess that we couldn't...because the tables were dirty (and she didn't want to clean them, presumably?). Our drink order was taken and then a clueless waiter came back to re-take it. When he returned, he'd already forgotten my drink order and had to go back the bar to make it. We then saw two of the servers get into an argument in front of us.   Every table is supposed to get bread and we asked several people for ours when after 30 minutes, we still didn't have it. One waitress even told us, "I'm sure it's baking right now." No offer to check on it, no apologies, nothing. 30 minutes and 2 cocktails later, we looked at the group of disgruntled patrons and decided we would rather take our business elsewhere.
My overall experience with Jolly Bob's was pleasant and I'm disappointed giving them one star, but the service was so appalling that this review is necessary.   The majority of the evening was fine. I was in a large group for my friends birthday. For some reason it was a big problem for them to squish 2 tables together so our two tables sat kiddy corner from each other. Our table had fairly decent service and they were even kind enough to honor our request from bread 2 times! The other table had slower service and kind of a snotty waitress. However, the birthday girl was at the other table and was presented with a birthday shot which made up for the aloof attitude.   The food was decent. The bread was divine, our main courses were ok and the drinks were pretty good. We all ordered a variety of blended cocktails and fruity beverages.   So, we were all ready to leave and on our way out the door when the waitresses stopped two in our party and questioned whether their service was adequate because they felt their tip was lower than the service they provided. They felt that they went above and beyond by "trying" to seat us together and going out of their way to give the birthday girl a shot (even though they made it seem as though it was a typical Jolly Bob's birthday custom. "It's your birthday: you get a free shot or a free slice of pie.") My friends were truly appalled by this confrontation and replied the tip reflected the service.  After the service so rudely approached our group, the 3. 5 star rating I previously considered was shot. 1 star for horrendous waitstaff.   Also, if you're a cash only establishment, you should consider more cash-friendly prices.
You do not want to waste your time at Jolly Bob's. Yes it has fun drinks if you can actually get one. The bartender there is plain rude and it takes forever to get a drink. Food if average. Trust me a lot better places in town.
We were seated in the tacky (but, I admit, somewhat charming) outdoor seating area. The plastic patio tables and chairs were ridiculous. I don't mind that they were plastic - they just looked like they were from the 70's and were horribly dirty and uneven. I mean, really, how hard is it to get some nicer plastic furniture so your customers aren't wobbling all over the place??  Didn't care much for the food. Drinks I thought were overpriced. I wanted to try the chicken curry - but they were out. So I ordered the Mahi mahi and it was overcooked and dry. My boyfriend's fried chicken was also overcooked when it should have been juicy. The best part about my order was probably the mango curry salad dressing I had on the salad that came with my meal. Pretty tasty.   Underwhelming experience. Maybe will come back for just some fun fruity drinks... but that's a big maybe.
Had bad service and bad shrimp.  Can't comeback from serving bad shrimp or should I say prawns. If it was good,3 stars at the most.
I'm a Madison native and have been to Jolly Bob's a few times. It's not a terrible place, but tonight as I was walking in I saw a long dress code. I thought it was a joke at first, because in addition to "no doo-rag", they said that no white shirts were allowed. I thought they couldn't be serious.  That is, until I got turned away at the door. I'm a white guy, but I can recognize that policies like this are clearly racist. They're trying to keep out 'ghetto' guys and have ended up with a laughable dress code. I honestly felt like I was in the '50s and segregation was in full force - it was just a bizarre, sad experience, especially after living in Brazil for 3 years.  Add to this the fact that as I stood there at the door trying to get my sister's attention, I saw a woman in a white shirt and pointed her out to the bouncer. "The code is only for men" he said. O.....K..... that makes a lot of sense.  This is a racist policy that people shouldn't support. I'm definitely not going in there again - no matter what I'm wearing.
is this place for real? do people actually come here to eat and drink? this place is listed under 'caribbean'? really? what the hell is that all about?
They don't take credit cards.  That's a non-starter for me.  This is 2012, suck it up, I never have cash, it's the cost of doing business.  The food is too mediocre to pull the "no credit cards" thing, David's Jamaican in Monona is WAY BETTER.
A group of us decided on Jolly Bob's last night to break away from the bitter cold and transport ourselves into a taste of the Caribbean.  What an utter disappointment.  I have eaten there several times before, although it has been a couple of years, and was very pleased.  This time was a tragedy.  The Lemon grass Margarita was nice but a little overdone with sweet and sour.  I ordered a Mojito at the beginning of dinner but it was terrible.  The club soda was flat and the drink was tasteless.  The night got worse from there.  Three of us had  the seafood bisque that was totally cold.  The Waitress took 2 back and instead of bringing 2 hot new bowls, she brought the same bowls back and we can only hope that they were given to the right people.  The other guest just ate his cold since he was too hungry to wait.  I ordered the blackened Mahi-Mahi and it was the worst piece of fish I have ever had, including what I prepared when I was just learning to cook.  The piece was tiny and so overcooked I could hardly cut with a knife.  My husband ordered the jerk combination and it was cold as well.  He didn't send it back but ate what meat he could find around all the fat that made up at least half of his dish.  Two guests ordered the Almond Shrimp and it was terrible.  The only reason I can give it 2 stars is because the Black Jack fish that I received after sending my blackened Mahi-Mahi back was delicious and finally hot, and the wings ordered by another guest were delish. The original dressings on the salads also made them extraordinary.   I really hope they can get their act together soon before it is too late.
As lovers of sketchy Jamaican and Caribbean restaurants, my boyfriend and I (newcomers to Madison) decided to try Jamerica for dinner. We had sampled their jerk chicken at Taste of Madison this summer but wanted to get the full experience, not to mention that I had a mad craving for some coconut rice and stewed cabbage. It was cold outside, so we decided to grab a case of Capital's Winter Skal and get our jerk chicken to go. Entrees on the dinner menu range from 11.50-15.50 each, which is pushing it for me, but they are cooked to order which is much appreciated. Jerk chicken will set you back 11.50, and if you want some delicious plantains they'll charge another $3. The chicken was dark meat, skin on, bone in and we got 4 thighs with our one meal. The jerk sauce was not very spicy or flavorful, and the chicken was quite greasy. The rest of the styrofoam takeout container was filled with a mixture of stewed cabbage, carrots, and broccoli on one side and rice and red beans on the other. Not much flavor there either :( In my opinion the best part were the plantains, but as I said earlier it was $3 for about 6 or 7 pieces.  The inside is very inviting on a cold night and the decor is eclectic. Next time I'll go for lunch and stay a while. In the meantime, I'll try David's.
The Willy St locale feels a bit awkward. There is a constant weird scent in the air, no it's not herb, more like incense. The space feels more like a converted storefront than a restaurant. The menu wasn't particularly large which was a bit unfortunate. I think among 6 of us we only had 3 different dishes at the table.   The jerk meats are good, you don't quite get the spread you get at Jolly Bobs, but its good, well spiced but balanced. The sides are as to be expected, plantains, veggies and rice all of which are fine.   The price is definitely a bit of an issue. In fairness, all the "Caribbean" places in Madison are not cheap (Here, Jolly Bob's & Costa Rica Cafe). So ya know perhaps the time it takes to marinate makes all these places a bit more expensive. The problem is they don't look visually high end so you're wondering where exactly the money is going.   Overall, if I wanted jerk chicken I'd probably shoot for their cart in library mall or since the restaurant isn't much to experience, paying for it doesn't really add anything I'd just order takeout when I really craved it. Personally, while the meats are good, I prefer the flavors at J Bob's and Costa Rica Cafe and think their value is a better.
OMG...the food is 99% American and 1% Jamaican!  I was very disappointed.  The food lacked flavor and they served very large portions. I will most likely not be returning.
I am sorry to give this review, but over a year later this experience still sticks out in my head. My boyfriend and I went in to Jamerica and the owner was right at the front chatting up some people. We stood for a minute before deciding to seat ourselves. We sat for a few more minutes before getting our own menus. We then helped ourselves to our own drinks from the cooler. After about 10 minutes of not being acknowledged by the owner (or anyone for that matter) who was maybe 5 feet away, we walked out and went a block down to Jolly Bob's. The owner and his friends stared at us as we walked out, but what did they expect? I think it was the first time they even looked at us. I have heard the food is great, I don't know. I wouldn't go back because I felt really disrespected and Jolly Bob's is also amazing Caribbean food and so nearby.
I seldom write review and so whoever is reading this must understand how bad the food was.  I'm a regular customer here and the food is generally good and so I order delivery from S2YD a lot. However, the last time I made an order(Goat Curry) the food was close to untouchable.  The Styrofoam box in which the food came was dripping with oil. I ignored this, and on eating the rice I realized it was either not well cooked or that they had reheated what they kept in the fridge. Needless to say, I didn't touch the meat fearing for my life. That was the last time I ever ordered from Jamerica - and its been almost 2 months now.
I expected Jamerica's food to be as bright as the restaurant's colorful facade. Unfortunately, the dishes I tried were bland and heavy - much like what my rural midwestern aunts might serve if they served tofu.  Eating outside was pleasant enough but the pepper pot calaloo, mango rundown, BBQ tofu and fried plantains were all oil-heavy and ultimately forgettable. The rice and beans and accompanying potatoes were more of the same.  The service was friendly if not always attentive.
The rice I had tasted off. It tasted smoky and I don't know how else to describe it, almost as though somebody had smoked a pack right into it or as though it was in an oven with a dish that spilled over and infused it with some odd burnt flavor. I spent the whole time trying to figure out what that weird flavor was and if there was any chance it was supposed to taste like that. Ultimately I guess it doesn't matter because I really didn't like any of my food at all. I don't plan on ever giving it another try.
Pros: absolutely delicious food, large portions.  Cons: very expensive, terrible service.   After eating from the food cart at the farmers market, I decided to check out the full restaurant. It took at least thirty minutes for the waitress to take our order (mind you there were only 2 other tables seated) and ten more to bring our water. She never brought the drink my boyfriend ordered and never came back to refill the water even though she said she would. I know people say this is what to expect at non-American restaurants but...c'mon. When in Rome, right?  I had the jerk pork and fried plantains...$14 for the entree and $4 for the appetizer. It was a large portion and definitely very spicy & delicious, but for Madison, that's insanely expensive. I'll be sticking to the food cart from now on!
My jerk chicken was not as flavorful as it should be, and I prefer heavy gravy, and this was dry. It seemed as if it weren't marinated and all the flavor was right at the surface, just from the spice rub. The breast meat was fairly dry. The peas and rice, despite asking for extra gravy, were almost completely dry as well. They didn't have any braised cabbage, which I would consider to be a staple at a Jamaican place.  I guess I would go again and try the oxtails, but only if I were already in the neighborhood. I'm forever spoiled by Caribbean Citchen in Detroit.
I've got to say my expectations were not met when I ate here. And I'm fairly understanding when it comes to ethnic mom & pop places. But there were just too many things going wrong here to rave about it.   So we order the curried goat, tripe and beans, rum cake, plantains, and ginger beer. NOT the ham and cheese on white bread. So I did find it funny when asked if I've eaten this type of food before. Ey, mon, you don look way pale for dis food, mon.   Here's a big downer. Everything comes in styrofoam boxes and they give you these dinky, pygmy-sized plastic utensils. And then they charge $2.00 for a fountain drink and post this BIG sign that says NO FREE REFILLS. OK, I get the picture. This all comes across as food truck service but at sit down prices.   The goat was pleasantly tender and the curry was pretty good, but the beans and rice just killed the taste buds with being over salty ( a trick to get beans soft quicker is to soak them in salt water, if you didn't get them down in enough time ) The little button of fry bread could put out someones eye with its' denseness. I did like the cabbage salad and veggies. A really nice touch.   The tripe was far and away the best dish they had. It had enough give to not bounce the fork back with rubberyness ( as happens when not done well ). But this was smooth and tender and the broth was really kick-ass!   The rum cake was yummy and very rummy. The ginger spices and raisins were done really well. Nice texture on that.   The plantains were unh, ok, but nothing special. too bad.   I think the prices were a bit confusing, especially when doing mental math since they don't give you a register tally. The layout is this slightly comfy L-shape that was fine if no more than five people were eating. Anyway more would be way too chummy. The Bob Marley this and that was kind of kitschy, but expected. The music was reggae, of course, and a nice level.   I'd love to give it more, so I'll try it again, but for now, a two will have to do, mon.
The worst Jamaican food ever, pricey and run down. The staff does not care one bit. The interior is like kindergarten, plastic everywhere... Oh and not to mention after buying a soda it is a dollar for a refill... Stay away....
Please please go out of business asap. and stop employing your relatives. they have real issues and no customer serivce skills whatsoever
Over priced and not clean. I don't usually score places so low but everything about this place just didn't sit right. I had the oxtail and it wasn't seasoned well. My boyfriend liked his jerk chicken, rice and peas were a little hard. Beef patty was ok. The floors were disgusting and the plastic tables clothes were faded and had holes. We both got sick immediately by the time we got home. I'm not planning on eating here again.
This place looked so fun from the outside!  Too bad the food is disgusting and the place is filthy.  Just for the record, I am not a Jamaican food expert by any standard but I know when something is disgusting.  Will not be back.
The coupon nor the restaurant advised that this was take out only.  I gave her the certificate and immediately felt as if she treated me like I did something wrong.  After her agreeing to honor the coupon, She began to limit me on the things I could buy.  Beef Patties were off limits because she flys them in from NY.  Being from NY I asked which brand it was and she advised me Golden Krust.  Not even the good ones.. (Word to the wise Tower Isle makes the best Beef Patties, trust me)  Hmmm.. does she know the Dollar Tree on Rainbow and Spring Mountain sells that very same brand of beef patty.. For $1.00.  Anyway, the food was put into the container very sloppy and she gave me half of what the normal serving should have been.  I am a very great cook and can just make my own Jamaican food if needed. They are way too expensive and I will not be returning.
1. Apparently there are 2 names in play here. They call themselves 'Tasty Island Caribbean Food & Deli' here but 'Tasty Island Jamaican Food Menu' inside.  2. I walked in, it's a cluttered place, divey is the word, located on the corner of a strip mall. What normally would be a deli case is filled with boxes as you enter. There was no greeting from the 3 people behind the counter and towards the back.  3. I go to the table - 2 placed together - to meet my fellow 3 diners. No menu provided, no service to the table.  4. Only 5 feet from the counter, I asked the person behind the counter for help. At several points, nobody was present for service of any sort.  5. The cashier/order taker? When asked what was their best dish and what would he recommend, he basically said he didn't know. At another point, our table mates asked about the size of the dish and he strongly suggested they order the large size. They wanted the 'SM' size - they were right, he was wrong.  6. We had a lot of questions of what was what, e.g. Calaloo, Ackee, Escoveitched Fish, Roti. The responding answers were only somewhat helpful at best. Frankly, I want the person working there to have a good idea of what items are and be able to suggest items.  7. When asked about the Coco bread, he stated, "It's just bread" and he pointed at the loaf.   8. We had a side order of a 'Beef Patty' which I thought resembled Cherry pie from 7-Eleven. I do not see/taste the allure of it.  9. Three of us had the Jerk chicken. The menu states all meals are served with peas - not true. None was provided.  9. On the good side, the dead Jerk Chicken was normal and the rice was good. The Red Stripe beer was good as well.  10. When the food came out, it was all in styrofoam with plasticware. Even at divey, hole-in-the-wall places, one normally gets plates and silverware but not here.  11. In the end, it took about 10 minutes to obtain the bill, apply the discount, double-check on the split of who pays what part of the bill, and then finally receiving the credit slip to sign.    12. I've read some other reviews and I suppose, if there is a good dish that you like, e.g. Tripe soup, Oxtails, Ackee, Cowfoot Stew, Curry Goat, Salt Fish, go there and try it. Don't count on any service or explanations, or even suggestions. Or silverware. Or actual food in the deli cases.   13. To be fair, my friends thought slightly higher of the place ... slightly.
My husband and I sought this place out because we love Jamaican food.  We had a $15 dollar Restaurant.com gift certificate.  When we walked in, the guy behind the counter, goes, "Did you read this entire page?"  We were like , Yeah.   Rude, from the git go.  Then, he goes, "I take it, you have never been here before?"--with an attitude.  When I asked what the difference was between the SM jerk chicken and the large, he condescendingly goes, "You get more food with the large."  Well, duh.  I wanted to know how many pieces of chicken you get.  Then, he proceeds to tell us that they don't honor Restaurant.com certificates anymore, but he would honor it this time.  Well, guess, what THEY NEVER DID.  What should have cost us around $15, cost us $29.   The food was delicious however.  Would I pay $29 again---HELL no.  I don't like being swindled and that's what I felt like when I left there.  I would have argued the bill, but the guy was nowhere to be found when we got ready to pay.  I just won't go back.  This is a dive in a somewhat shady part of town that overcharges for their food.    Buyer beware.
So went to Jammin jerk hut and wasn't impressed so decided to try Tasty Island on visit to Vegas. Family is Jamaican so I know what the food is suppose to taste like, also lived in Jamaica for 16 years so I should know what I am talking about. So walked in and the lady at the counter looks like she is in another zone. My mom tried to be talkative to her but she could hardly stand to respond. Now on to the food. We had some soup red peas and chicken soup. The chicken soup had everything but chicken in it and no taste and the peas soup had everything except meat as well. Ordered patty and coco bread HORRIBLE is all I can say. Then my daughter had calaloo and salt fish and it had no taste. There was also rum cake, it was just okay. The only thing that was good at this place was the tamarind balls that come already packaged that were like $1.50 each. It was a waste of time and money going to this place. They need a real Jamaican restaurant in Vegas. I read reviews on Yelp before I even went to this place and decided to come up with my own opinion. Not sure how others rated this place 4 stars but to each there own. My taste buds was not wow'd.
Heads up to anyone checking out this business before going: I'll do the short version for you. If you've ever had Jamaican Caribbean food before, this place is not going to hit the spot. The majority of four and five star reviews are from people who don't know any better.  I shop frequently at the nearby Sprouts grocery, and always mean to stop in here. BF picked up takeout last night for dinner, and said the restaurant smelled heavenly and took it as a good sign that all of the employees were actually Jamaican.  Got home, and as others have said, takeout dishes are splashed everywhere- sauce out of the box and in the bag, one napkin and fork for two orders (and placed UNDER the takeout boxes in the bag in the puddle of spilled sauce), etc- little details that may slightly irritate, but not be relevant for dine-in customers.  But the food, despite smelling so good, was simply mediocre. All spice and no depth of flavor. Ordered the jerk chicken plate and the goat curry- and you could tell that both meats were indeed chicken and goat, but the similarities between the high quality versions of these dishes we've had elsewhere and what we actually received, was sad.  The jerk chicken was, for starters, dry. Rub seemed to be applied sparingly, and there was only flavor where you got seasoning. Good portion, but not necessarily good value.  Goat curry sauce had a good consistency to it, and the meat was good, but the flavor was simply lacking- lacking depth, lacking that finger-licking jamaican flavor I'd come for.  Sides included a mixed veggie type dish that was overcooked mush, and "rice and red beans" consisting mostly of rice and of a few scant red beans (I counted maybe 10) that appeared to be dried. When even your sides are underwhelming, there's a problem in the kitchen.  This was one of those rare times when the BF and I didn't finish our orders. And for about $30 for a week night take out dinner, that's pretty bad.
Waiting 50 minutes extra for quoted delivery time and the driver shows up with ice cold food and a girl in his car.  $9.50 "refund" is pathetic.   Too bad, flavors weren't bad once "reheated."  Horrible experience overall.
You know you're in for a bad meal when you hear " DING" come from the kitchen. This is the most flavorless Jamaican food I have ever eaten. I will NOT return. Booooo!
It's like a TGIF type deal w/ tasteless generic food w/ some "islandy" decorations. There's no real carribean taste and no dishes that stand out. Two things to try though, are the tostones w/ chicken which is like plaintain nachos, the plaintains are deepfried twice and the blended island margarita.
I just don't get what people see in this place. I guess the food is just bland enough to appeal to the masses, and it's just cheesy enough to be "fun" (read Tchotchke's in Office Space). From the music, to the decor, to the food, this place is just packed with epic fail. I wanted to shoe the bargain basement Jimmy Buffet square in the nuts, not that I enjoy the real one by any stretch of the imagination.  We had the calamari appetizer, thinking it was a safe bet, and it was astonishingly rubbery. I mean, there's rubbery calamari, then there's this; it's like the difference between vulcanized rubber and the stuff they use in rubber bands. I ordered the seafood paella, and the waiter remarked that it was his favorite dish and it was just fantastic. The guy's nuts. There couldn't have been more wrong with it, save for the fish showing up raw (it was overcooked instead). Absolutely no flavor. They must not put any salt in the pot when they cook the rice, because I don't think there's any other way to make rice this unexciting. I suspect the origin of its yellow-orange hue didn't come from saffron, either. Don't remember what my fiance ordered, and neither does she, but we both remember it sucked. Bland, unexciting, chain-wide recipes aside, this kitchen had some serious issues seasoning their food properly.  All that, a beer, and a margarita for $53. What a gyp.
We went here for a birthday party for a co-worker of a friend of mine.  It was not my first choice to go to..honestly I'd only seen this place in passing on my way to the airport.  From the outside it doesn't look like much, nice big building on the corner of Paradise and Flamingo on the Northwest side.  Walking in, however, you feel transported to another place with the Caribbean theme of the restaurant and bar.  However, like a friend has told me, you can't necessarily paint something to make it what it ain't.  The food here is expensive for what you get.  We ordered quite a bit of food for the party: Spinach Dip and Island Chips, Island Onion Rings, West Indies Patties, and Creole Baked Goat Cheese to start.  None of these, to me, were particularly good.  The Spinach Dip was not even touched as my friend ordered it and then tried to pass it along to everyone else because she hated it.  The entree's were a little better: Cuban Sandwich and Margarita Chicken.  However for the $10 and $15 plates of food, I've had much better.  The service was slow for a slow Wednesday early evening dinner.  It was nice that we were able to sit in the atrium outside that was nicely cooled.  All in all, this seems like a poorly done chain restaurant based on a Caribbean theme.  My search shall continue (though how hard I look is yet to be determined).
Ok so I had to "live in Vegas" for a couple weeks while working on a Casino and my "home" ended up right across the street from this place. Which in case you were not aware, is apparently in a bad neighborhood. I was warned by 1) the cab driver dropping me off from the airport 2) a co-worker and 3) another cabby taking me home from work--that I should never walk alone after 5pm. The menu looked pretty good, so I was excited to try this place. The service was so slow. We were seated immediately and then ignored for like 20 min. then our order taken and then ignored for 30 min, we asked what was up and they had made the order wrong, but no one told us. Finally after being in the restaurant for about an hour and a half we got our food. It was okay, but definitely not worth the wait. It was the type of chain like food one would expect from a Chili's or TGIF and they got the order wrong. We talked to the manager and he did not seem to care. Moral of my story--this place is no breeze.
I wanted to like this place.  It had a great atmosphere and a good vibe.  We went here because it had a claim that it was "Gluten Free." Something I have to look for because of my wheat allergy so I was excited.  They didn't have a special GF menu which is not a big deal to me because typically the waiter will just fill me in or make his recommendations.  This waiter didn't know much about what foods or sauces had flour.  He didn't really have any enthusiasm to find out and come back and make some recommendations. So I had to McGyver my own meal which typically means I have to eliminate the sauces. I tip very well when waiters really know the foods and can make recommendations or atleast have the eagerness to find out for me. I don't typically eat out and this was going to be a real treat for me.  I ordered scallops in butter sauce and the scallops were burnt and then raw in the middle. When I sent them back, they replaced only the one I ate half of.  I asked for a dinner salad instead and they gave it to me with croutons.  He took it back and picked off the croutons as crumbles were still there. What part of "I can't eat flour don't you understand?"    I sent back the salad and refused to eat as I swore someone would have spit in my food by now.  And let me tell you, I'm a very passive person when it comes to any problems with my food.  So I wasn't mad or anything and I didn't give the waiter any attitude. By the way, the waiter never apologized for any inconvenience or was concerned.  There was a huge two parties going on and every staff member kept coming in and out the patio doors fussying over the parties and most people seated were ignored and were very openly upset about the service by stopping random staff members for drink refills and to check on their food.  I was with two other people who swore it tasted nice but I don't know if they were just being polite as literally "utter chaos" was going on around us and we waited 45 minutes for our table when we called in advance for a reservation.  I was treating my friends so I was shocked that I was given a "$10.00 charge" for food that was returned!  I hadn't eaten anything sat and drank myself silly over the ice tea and left more hungry than I came in.  There was absolutely no apology anywhere or from anyone and I couldn't believe the waiter was serious about this charge. So I didn't tip him.  Probably the first time in a really really long time that I haven't tipped a waiter.  Still feeling a bit guilty over it but it was a very bad experience and it wasn't me that night it was everyone else around us too.
This place is very cute, yes. But the food is whatev. Service could definitely be better. And I don't understand why they call themselves Caribbean..they serve Olive Garden food (plus a little more seafood.)  Nonetheless, I ordered the shrimp linguine..and it was ok. A bit on the salty side and the pasta was just a little overcooked. The boyfriend ordered the pork tenderloin with garlic mashed potatoes. Potatoes were delicious..pork, not so much. It was very dry and didn't have enough flavor.  Anyway, this is a great place for big groups..if you have money that is. Expect to pay $30 a person..and more if you're drinking.
I have been here twice and both times I had a good time. The atmosphere of this place really sets the mood for a laid back time. But every time I have had food her it blows. There is just nothing special about it that draws me back. To me this place is more of a place to get tootie-fruity drinks and some dip. Then it would be for an actual meal. It's almost like an upscale TGIF with bad food.   The waiters that helped us were quite helpful and were prompt. The place is clean and I had a good time. There food is just not my thing I guess.
Food is ok and boring. It is a part of the Darden chain of restaurants so if you are familiar with Red Lobster, think of a Caribbean inspired version and you have Bahama Breeze. The drinks are delicious and really bad for you, and the food always tastes exactly the same; consistency is good. I have actually eaten here a couple times, but my last experience will have me never come back.  If you are looking for mediocre food in the array of mediocre food options near corporate Hughes center you could wind up here. Maybe you have coupons and you purposefully drove here? Understood.  My final visit to Bahama Breeze began with 2 coworkers and I walking in and standing in front of a host podium without being acknowledged. Three professional ladies, standing in an empty entrance waiting to be seated, until a couple minutes later a host (who never lifted her head from staring at the floor, I must have missed the carpet design) finally sat us. We were helped by a strangely hostile server who at one point through the meal had his manager come up to us and apologize for the wait for our food. This came as a surprise to us because he never mentioned anything about late food, and we hadn't asked about it.   When our lunches arrived my baja fish tacos with a side salad had turned into baja fish tacos with a side soup. I enjoyed the soup and made no complaints, it was a tasty chowder with fried shrimp. Overall the food was unmemorable but not inedible. The service was terrible. I can't believe that every person I interacted with: host, server, and manager were not polite to outright rude. We were *told*(not offered) to get free dessert (or else our server said he would eat it? wtf?) but never received any apologies. Not for the late food, not for our shitty greet at the front door, not for our strangely hostile server, not for our late and incorrect food. Instead we got begged to take a free dessert. Sad. WTF guys, get your shit together.
This place was eh.  The menu is not the best and the food is ok.  We shared the Spinach Dip which was good.  This item was the only thing we shared and a few hours later we all had some stomach issues.  I got the lunch combo of a salad and a qusadilla with lobster and shrimp.  It was tasty but nothing to write home about.  The salad dwarfed the quasdilla. It was a lunch portion though.  My colleagues enjoyed their meal but they have had better.  The waiter was ok, he had a little attitude.    I would not recommend Bahama Breeze as there are many better chain restaurants in the area.
I would like to formally thank Bahama Breeze and their staff for their sincere efforts towards RUINING my family reunion dinner on Saturday, July 23, 2011.  God Bless my mother and my aunts for their hard work in putting this thing on and for keeping everyone else patient while this disaster was taking place.  This was by far the worst6 display of service I have ever seen and several formal letters are being sent to their corporate office as I write this.    My family had made arrangements with their business office to hold our reunion here for a buffet-style dinner.  We do not live in Las Vegas (none of us do) so we did everything via fax and phone.  We have been to this location on several occasions over the years, so we are familiar with the food and always had really good service here.  I also always enjoyed the food, so we thought this would be the perfect place to host our family reunion dinner.  Anyway, so the contract we made was for three main entrees (seafood paella, baby back ribs and Jamaican grilled chicken) , three side dishes (yellow rice, green beans, creamed sweet potatoes) and their signature green salad.  This was all to be served buffet-style with unlimited choice of soft drinks, tea/coffee and iced tea. The price negotiated was $35 per person.  We brought in our own cakes for dessert which they kept in the back refrigerated for us.  This was a group of approximately 31 people.  Kids' menu items were to be paid for separately as well as cocktails, beer and wine. Each table would get their own bill for those things separately (and for anything else you want on the regular menu).  From the beginning, service problems began.  There were two servers who primarily came in our area.  Over the course of the evening, we had to literally chase these people down for drinks and just basic service.  It was horrible.  I noticed that the buffet serving containers were quite small for the amount of people in party and they emptied very quickly.  Nobody was there to replace to food.  People sat with food while others had to wait a long time before being able to get food.  The salad bowl probably could serve about 6 to 8 people, so when that emptied (no other food was out or available at this point), people just sat their for a good 20 minutes before they brought out more.  This was the ongoing theme of the night.  Need a refill on that ice tea? Be prepare to never get it unless you run around trying to find the waiter to get some.  Nobody was attending to our party.  Nobody was busing the plates so we literally had pile them in the middle table.  Kids' orders were not brought out in a timely manner so the kids were eating like an hour into dinner service.  Remember the tea and coffee? None was offered to anyone and we paid for it!  And to top off , when the staff did make an appearance, they had really nasty attitudes about it.  No apologies.  So where was the manager in all this? Certainly not rolling up his sleeves trying to help his clearly overwhelmed waitstaff.  He was somewhere else, making excuses that there were other big parties going on.  NOT OUR PROBLEM.    Look, this was clearly an understaffed event and the lack of attention to ANY sort of detail shows that, but come on! It was just blatantly bad.  Poor attitude and unapologetic staff is just a reflection of the management's nonchalance for literally pissing all over this party.  We had babies crying from hunger, we had piled up dirty plates, plenty of empty glasses and annoyed family members.  Thank goodness we are good spirited people, kept the party going and did our raffles and announcements and passed out cake as planned. We tried not to let our experience at Bahama Breeze ruin our getting to catch up with each other and have fun, but damn! Work with us here! We could have just gone to a buffet at one of the casinos for this and we probably should have.   Oh and I haven't even gotten to how salty the food was!  The paella was nearly inedible even though they did not skimp on seafood, does it matter if they pour a whole container of salt in it?  Dry chicken, hard to cut with my knife.  However, the ribs were decent as were the green beans and sweet potatoes..but wait..something was missing.  Mom did not realize this until after but they forgot our yellow rice.  We have a few people in our party who are allergic to seafood so the paella was out, hence the reason for the yellow rice side.  I guess everything else was so bad we forgot about the missing side. Anyway, my mom called their business office and got it refunded.  Either way, I could think of sooo many other places to host a dinner like this that would have gone so much smoother.  They really should be ashamed for doing such a sloppy-ass job.
Don't care for this place. Went once, never to return. Service is blah-
Seriously? Chicken wings came out in 3 minutes. That's amazing! How can you cook chicken in 3 minutes? Chorizo sliders were soggy, had to send them back. If you're looking for pre-made food this is your place. If you like good, quality food I don't recommend Bahamas Breeze.
Tempted by Caribbean food we headed to Bahama Breeze.  What we really found was very bad Caribbean inspired chain restaurant food with fake enthusiastic waiters.  Everything is god awful.  Tasteless processed shrimp, fried chicken straight from the freezer bag, fake Caribbean food, obesity sized portions, to over bearing super enthusiastic waiter that just wants to sell sell sell... it was a disaster.  You could stick a knife in his gut and he would still smile and say that was the most thrilling fun he's had he ever had and then try to sell you a tasty signature yummy cocunut piss flavored drink.  For the first time ever, only half the food was eaten and doggie bags were clearly declined.  I felt so cheated, I honestly thought this was a non-chain, real caribbean restaurant.
I had the very bland fish tacos and my husband had the fried chicken. The service was friendly but the food is was very disappointing, because it didn't have much favor. We asked our server for various sauces trying to add taste to our meal but it didn't improve much. We won't be back.
I made a big deal to my wife that we had to go to Bahama Breeze this time while we were in Las Vegas.  We went Monday night and a lot of reviewers commented that the concept for the restaurant and it is terrific...it really is nice.  But for us, that was where it ended.  Our service was very good (Thanks Sparky!)  My wife had the curry chicken for dinner...it was so dry and lacked flavor she could not eat it.  She ordered a strawberry magarita and she got a mango margarita instead.  We sent it back and this time it came back with only a little mango in it.  WTF?  The bartender could not make a most simple drink?!?!  To top off our drink issues...The pour on the tequila had to have been a 1/2 ounce if that...it was like drinking mix only and then it was served in a martini glass!.  If you don't have margarita glasses put it in a hurricane glass, those they had..  I had the paella and a couple of beers...it was a safe bet .  My daughter had the jerk chicken pasta, again, just okay, kind of lackluster in flavor.  To drink, she ordered a Bailey's and coffee...served in a regular ol' coffee mug.  A place like this I would have expected a clear mug to showcase the drink...nope, didn't happen.  I know some of this may seem like petty things but...our bill was close to $100 for the 3 dinners, drinks oh...and an appetizer.  The entrees did not come with any type of salad offering either.  Over priced and the Monday night bartender(s) needs a bit work.  We did voice our comments to the manager (actually we were going to leave and our server sent the manager to us!).  He said he will talk to his staff and try to fix things.  He did give us 3 comp drink tickets to use anytime.  One thing we do not do is complain to the manager in order to get a comp meal, we usually will talk to the manager AFTER we pay.  Getting comp'd is not the point, bringing issues to management's attention so they can resolve the problem is the larger issue.
I went to this restaurant with a large group of 60 people. We have the restaurant two weeks notices that we were coming. When we arrived tables were not set up, we had to set up ourselves. It took thirty minutes before our orders were taken, then it took another hour and a half to get out food. Keep in mind we were prepaid and had three items from the menu to choose from, burger, tacos, or pasta (not complicated dishes). The food tasted good, however some were cold by the time we got it. Also 6 people did not receive their food until 30 minutes after most of the party received their food. And in the end two people never received any food at all.   Over all it was a terrible experience, if you are traveling in a large group DO NOT go to this restaurant. I don't know how it is when you are with two or three people verse 60, but clearly the restaurant can not handle large parties, and should have NEVER accepted us as such a large party.
TERRIBLE, AWFUL experience at Bahama Breeze the other day.  We were seated right away for an early lunch.  The first thing I noticed was that the TVs were playing reruns of South Park.  Now, I'm no prude, but there were lots of children around and the sound was on.  I don't know that I would take too kindly to someone playing that kind of show during a lunch with my children.  No one complained, but it kinda rubbed me the wrong way.  A small thing, but a little disturbing and not typical of what I've seen at Bahama Breeze.  Our server came and took our order, which consisted of ham and cheese croquettes for an appetizer, soup and salad for me, and the chef's special for my fianc.  Our food came out quickly, but sans appetizer.  I asked the person who brought our food where the appetizers were and she went to investigate.  I had to endure listening to loud arguments in the kitchen until, finally, they figured out that the waitress never rang up our appetizer.  Never mind that the operating system computer was literally two feet from our table... somehow she forgot.  No biggie... it happens... except that she was NOT apologetic at all.  She came over and said, and I quote, "I forgot to put in your appetizer order.  So do you still want them or not?"  She said it like it was MY fault that it happened.  I didn't wanna pay for an appetizer to be eaten AFTER my meal.  Kinda defeats the purpose, ya know?  t declined and settled upon eating my soup and salad.  I have had the chicken tortilla soup before and usually LOVE it.  However, this time it was barely lukewarm.  Furthermore, the vegetables were so crunchy that I felt like a cow chewing cud with each bite.  I get that some soups have firmer vegetables, but this was a whole different type of crunchy.  Our waitress was nowhere to be found (presumably hiding from us after the appetizer incident), so we asked another server to send it back.  The server informed our waitress about what happened, and they proceeded to LOUDLY discuss how I was just trying to be fussy and that the soup WASN'T cold enough to send back RIGHT BY OUR TABLE.  I'm the customer.  Isn't that up to my discretion?  The soup was room temperature.  To me, that's cold.  And I have to pay, so I expect hot soup.  Period.  I couldn't believe that it was up for discussion, especially within my earshot.  The manager came over and brought us a free order of croquettes and fruit salad and asked us about the incident.  When I explained about the soup, the manager proceeded to defend the temperature of the soup, the crunchiness of the vegetables, and the behavior of the waitress.  Really??!?!  Oh, so you gave us all this free food to make up for something that apparently wasn't done incorrectly?  The attitude was basically that they were gonna try to satisfy me, but that they really shouldn't because I'm the picky bitch who sent back soup I should have choked down.  Unacceptable service.    We paid our bill and left no tip - when I hear a waitress gripe about me to her coworkers, she doesn't deserve a tip.  Yet, it was interesting to watch her rush to our table the second we signed the receipt and stood up.  Heh.  Dream on, crazy waitress.  Steer clear of this place - the service is sub-par.  There are much better places to dine in this city.
Restaurant seemed mostly empty. Was given a pager and was told no more than 10 minutes to wait. 20 mins later i was seated. Waiter was very friendly, but a little too sparky for me. Took a half an hour to take our dinner order. Have been here over an hour and still haven't gotten my food yet. Wait. Just came. How am I supposed to eat this whole burger with this little bitty cup of ketchup? Smh. My daughter ordered her burger medium well. It was burnt to a crisp. Food over all was bleh.  Service was friendly, but horrible.
Not so great the only thing good i had was the drinks. Jerk chicken -dry, coconut shrimp was ok- sauce was nasty, and the dip for the chips were nasty..... Will I return hell- no EVERYTHING left on the table not really touch but empty drink glasses
This place is a total joke. Our server was an absolute jerk who refused to give us menus because we sat down in the bar table area without getting menus from the dimwitted hostess. Then he went off on a tangent about how there was a miscommunication and we should not have been seated without menus. He is the definition of a low wage uneducated worker. So then i go to the bar and tell the bartender i want two drinks for me and my date (who looked better in her photos ) and he says he will let our server know because im in his section. I go off on the dude because i just want to get two drinks and carry them the 2 feet from the bar to the table right behind me, but he refused to do this cause it wasn't fair to the server. What a bunch of degenerates at this chain hell. The manager came over and eventually offered to buy me 2 drinks, but hell no because he defended his erver. Ended up walking out on my ugly date, who was sitting at the table wondering what the hell she should do and also this Bahama Breeze forever. Letter to corporate also sent, but a canned response was received. Punks.
We thought we would try this place because we were close by and were in the mood for some fruity drinks.   I had the skinny mojito and my lady had the bahama-rita. The drinks were the best part of our experience. Both were awesome and reasonably priced.   We had the fish taco's and a cheeseburger. The fish taco's tasted like a sewer, but my cheeseburger was ok. The quality of ground meat wasn't really of my liking, but the avocado was great.   This place is huge and it felt like we were secluded in our own little corner--too lonely.  I definately would have preferred to sit closer to the center of the restaurant.  I don't think they clean that part of the building because we saw a lot of dust falling from somewhere right above our food. The table light illuminated the particles as we covered our drinks and plates with our hands. Ummm yeah. A few more drinks and we probably wouldn't have noticed. Unfortunately we weren't that saucy.    WIth so many good restaurants in the area, I don't think we will be back.
This place fell off big time since '05.  I keep giving it a chance because they have some dishes I really can't get anywhere else, but I'm too through with thier poor service.  The last several times I dined my servers had attitudes, bartenders have made me pitiful drinks and act as if  they don't see you while they engage in personal conversation.  I always ordered thier breeze salad but the lettuce is consistently ugly so I have to peruse it first. The last straw were my parents choosing this place for a nice date night, only to have the waitress spill the drink in his lap... something from a sitcom.  No compensation, zero f**ks given ha! Step your game up you all.
It's a typical Darden Restaurant. The server was friendly but not very attentive. A manager approached every table but ours. Our appetizer was missing the sauce and no one stop by our table in between the delivery of the appetizer and the entree. I probably won't return to this location.
Caribbean food, they said.. 3.5 stars, they said.. Must be good, I said.. Now my stomach hurts. 20$ Lobster & Shrimp Linguine has no flavor. Onion rings are alright, just big and the onion had chewy skin. Orange juice was very diluted with water. Goat cheese burger has a very strong taste for the cheese not recommended if you're not a fan. Shrimp Calpyso is pretty decent.
Management sucks! Manager placed me on hold for over 15 minutes. Never ever going here and I will never recommend it.  2 thumbs DOWN!
Set up is really nice but doesn't make up for everything else. The food is bland and really has no taste. I got the portobello manchega (no taste) my girl got some sort of shrimp plate that just tasted like tomato. Ill give them this, the beef empanadas and artichoke dip were pretty good. House drinks were also very good. Service started off really helpful but drifted shortly. Having the little one with us we found ourselves making a trip to the restroom that you could smell from the bar so watch your step. Don't see us coming back
Service without a SMILE.  2 nights ago I visited this restaurant (Bohama Breeze) based on a recommendation of a friend who said that it would be a fun and tasty experience.It was neither......I left thinking that I have  more fun at Denny's or Jack in the Box.,  i was prepared to just talk about the under par service my group received, but I looked in the faces of the staff and did not see one smile on one face.  Then I wondered if the theory was correct "A staff treats the customers the same way the management treats them.... then I am glad I do not wor here.     The service is fair.... by that I mean all the appropriate words were spoken at the appropriate time..  The food was not  worth returning for a second taste..   Skip this experience you won't miss a thing.
We ate here because our usual place gordon bierrsch was too packed and we were disappointed our server was great the food was not :(
Got seated and waited about 10 mins.  Someone came over to my table, and I thought, "okay, here we go" and the girl just said "I'll be right back to take your order."  No water, no silverware.  Another 5-10 minute wait and still no sign of my server making it over to my table, dispite helping all her other tables.  So, I got up and left.
Okay, I came back again to give this place a second chance and since I'm staying in a hotel across the parking lot for two weeks.  Plus all the other restaurants nearby were pretty crowded.  This time I sat at the bar, thinking I would actually get served this time.  And I did.  It was okay.  The food was alright and the happy hour prices I lucked into were awesome.  However, I was forced to sit on the side of the bar nearest the kitchen giving me great insight to this place and after sitting here for an hour I just can't help, but feel like I'm on the set of "Waiting" the movie.
This place is kinda depressing. I would normally never go here (or a place like this in Las Vegas) on my own but 'had to' because of a group of business folks I was with. They had live music but it was very drab. Happy hour had decent prices but the food was very underwhelming. Service was pretty horrible so we are assuming the girl was new or trained horribly. I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.
Ugh, so many people that I know like this place, but I don't get it!  I've been here a handful of times because it is right around the corner from my office.  Located on the corner of Flamingo & Paradise, there is indoor and outdoor seating and a decent amount of parking.  I came here last week for lunch with 5 of my co-workers.  They ask where we would like to sit.  We asked if we could sit in the "patio" area; its this big round room and the windows can open when it's nice outside.  So they take us to the table; there are only 3 seats.  We look at the guy that brought us to our table and we say "this table is a little too small, there are 5 of us" and he says "yes, I know.  I have no idea why they brought you out here.  Unfortunately, there isn't any tables out here big enough for your group."  We tell him no problem and sit us wherever there is room.  He takes us back inside to the room behind the bar and sits us at a table that is set for 4 people, but enough room for 5.  We ordered a handful of appetizers and each of us ordered entrees.  I ordered the combination chicken & veggie quesadilla and a caesar salad.  The caesar was barely dressed and wasn't that good anyways.  Now, I've had the lobster quesadilla here before and it was gross.  So I thought chicken and fresh vegetables couldn't be that bad.  Well, it's not good.  I don't know how to put it.  But the flavor sucks.  We get a discount to eat here because of where our office is located and I would STILL never come here again.
Service was nearly non-existent. Employees were noticeably disinterested or awkwardly unhappy. Quality of the food was comparable to fast food.    I keep hearing good things about this place, but I was disappointed. They sat us in the patio area. The patio is a nice open window area with a gas fireplace in the center. The fire creates a nice mood and the fresh air is lovely. However, its not the greatest on a warm day. Also you can smell the gas or propane that fuels the fire when down wind. It can be nauseating after a while. Our server is a nice guy, but noticeably disinterested. We place our order with an appetizer. The appetizer is delivered but utensils or napkins were not provided. We flagged an employee, and let him know we didn't have any napkins or utensils. A few minutes later he produced a handful of cocktail napkins. We needed to flag another person for the rest. The appetizer tasted horrible. Ahi tuna should not have a heavy fish flavor. Our main order was delivered by an individual who was not amused by our misunderstanding of what he said when asking "who ordered what". It was clear that he was quite unhappy with this duty. I had ordered a Cuban sandwich. It tasted fine, but was ordinary. You can find the same quality at any subway or port of subs. Nothing impressive. We decided we had enough and requested the check...I can still taste the tuna, it was pretty bad.
Maybe we got the wrong dishes. I got the chipotle beef rice bowl and my girlfriend got the fish tacos. The rice bowl was horrible. It was cheesy rice with beef smothered in barbecue sauce. I didn't eat very much of it. The fish tacos were OK. The sorbet served with the fruit salad tasted very good. We also got onion rings as an appetizer. Those were good as well. This might be a good happy hour place but I don't think I would suggest any one to come here for a normal dining experience. Service was OK.
Happy hours prices are VERY good, but sit at the bar.  I don't know if my waiter was new or what but service was very slow.  Never came by to check if we needed more drinks.  Only stayed for one round and appetizers.  Food was pretty bland but cheap.  Probably won't be back.
I took my out of town guests here on a Monday evening for dinner. The service was absolutely terrible! There were only a few people in the place and it took them over 15 minutes to sit us. Then it took them more than 20 minutes to get someone to get outer drink orders. No one even spoke to us during that entire time. People were walking past us, but no one even noticed that five people were sitting at a table in the middle of the room. When some one finally did speak to us, she did not know much about the menu items. It took us three hours (that's right, you read that right) to get out of that place! Never again. They may have been short staffed, but I can't believe they would be that rude and ignore their customers. No excuse for this.
They have added some vegetarian options to their menu, but it's still seriously lacking vegan options. The veggie burger is so bland... Play-doh has more flavor.   However, my carnivorous family loved their Jamaican Jerk wings & onion rings. Also, they had happy hour specials on some of their food items, so it was 1/2 off the wings & onion rings.   Nice atmosphere, lovely decor. They have live music some nights.   I wish they'd offer more vegan options.
meh..the food was okay - I had grilled Mahi Mahi.  I didn't sit in the party bar section, so I may have been more entertained if I was there, but I didn't find anything to get excited over at Kahunaville...More like a 2.5 stars.
Yes its ever-so tacky but you cant help but love this place! From the cocktails with extra long gummy worms on top to the island sampler with is a tray with a "smoking volcano" as a centre piece with 6 of the snacks laid on fruit and tacos.. Just FUN as service and food/drinks very good.. CHANGE OF MIND!!! FEB 08!! Had lunch here last week as it was a complete disappointment as you now get your cocktails in crappy plastic cups with no foo foo paraphernalia and they ran outta dry ice for the Volcano sampler... what a waste
I should have known by the name of the place exactly how this dining experience at KAHUNAVILLE would play out:  Cheeeeesy with an extra side of tacky.  My ahi tuna salad was a joke.  Wilted and browning romaine lettuce with about 5 slices of ahi does not warrent $14.95 in my book.  And $14.95 was one of the cheapest prices on the menu. For a place that reminded me of a Hawaiian themed TGI Friday's, that's insane.  Then they had some cheesy bartender flair competition going on while I tried my best to digest my salad and the entire place got noisy as hell. I will admit, that was our fault for choosing to dine in the bar area.  Not a good place to dine if you plan on having a conversation that entails more than just "Woooo!"  and "Owwwww!" and hand clapping and high fiving.    I gave one star for the great, strong melon margaritas (I had two) and another for the nice bracelet I purchased from the gal walking around selling leis.   I know Treasure Island isn't known for their restaurants as other hotel/casinos are on the strip, but COME ON.  You gotta be able to do better than that.
The Flair Bartenders in this place must be Carnival Court rejects cause our bartender dropped 4 bottles in 5 minutes. Then he disappeared like he got fired. Won't be going back.
So this place Kahunaville is pretty much just an Applebee's in TI.  The only difference would be the atmosphere is slightly better.  You get the same unoriginal menu and overly salted food, served to you by a fairly unpleasant person.    If I wasn't super hungover and close to death I would of made and effort not to eat here, but being my usual self I over did it significantly the night before.  To review the food, me and wifey both had wraps that had way to much salty sauce on them and some OK, but super salty fries.  The margarita was very sour and comes with and extra shot of Tequila and a gummy worm in it.  My suggestion for them would to be forget the frills and make a decent drink.  The service was some of the worst I have experienced in Vegas and overall I cannot give this place an sort of endorsement.
This place really sucks.  When you walk into TI, there are people handing out lunch coupons for $7.50 for any entree on their special lunch menu.  We ended up ordering a sampler of their mini sandwiches.  The ones I remember consisted of bbq pork and some other type of pork.  I have to say with 100% certainty that they all tasted like crap.  The only saving point were the fries which were fried really well but messing up french fries isn't that easy to do.  Anyways, we also ordered a salad and it was normal, nothing special.  Martinis and drinks are $9 and come in the smallest sizes.  Be careful and ask the waitress for the prices before you order.  I am giving Kahunaville 2 stars because of the discounted lunch price, otherwise it's for sure a 1
Woooowwwww. What an experience. We only went here because we had a buy one get one free drink coupon, and boy am I glad we didn't actually pay full price! This place is a mix of really cheesy, really chintzy, and down right sleezy. The music is so loud you can feel your skin vibrate to the music. The bar has video poker in front of EVERY seat, so unless you want to stare at a glowing TV screen, you have to sit at a table. I got a frozen rasberry margarita which tasted like absolute crap, full of artificial grossness. The boy got a regular margarita which wasn't too bad, was actually kind of strong, but still not worth the miserable atmosphere. The flair bartenders are friendly and fun to watch, but kind of seemed burned out and not horribly interested in their job which just made me feel bad for them.  When you first walk in there is an oxygen bar located to the side. On a different day we decided to check it out since we had never done the oxygen thing before, but just felt really uncomfortable the entire time. The girl that worked the bar was really weird, fake, and over friendly. For 20 bucks you get use of the oxygen tanks (they have 4 different flavors to chose from, but they all just smell like a weird sweet plastic smell) you get a massage from the girl, and you get a monster energy drink. For some people I can see how they would think this was fun and a pretty sweet deal, but we just felt awkward and skipped out before she could come massage us! Didn't go for the energy drink either, but only because we don't like the taste. Oh yea, and besides feeling a little dizzy, I didn't feel rejuvenated or more alert and awake like they say you're supposed to. Neither did the boy. Oh well, it was worth a try!
I didn't eat here, but I can't believe you who ranked this more than three stars!  I repeatedly did not enjoy getting hassled by the incompetent door person, sitting at sticky tables, overpriced, badbadbad tropical house gin drinks, stupid stunts, or loud bad music.  The oxygen bar is a gimmick.
I hated this place.  $22 for a crappy cup with a bunch of slush and no alcohol?  What a waste.
We ate here one time when we checked in late at Treasure Island.  We probably wouldn't eat here again though as there are much better places to grab a quick sandwich, but it did the job at the time.  We each had some sort of unmemorable sandwich before moving on.    Island girls stand at the elevators outside handing out two for one drink cards so there's no reason to ever pay full price for your drinks here.  And there was a big difference between the tropical tequila thing I ordered during dinner and the Rosarita margarita I had later in the bar.  The dinner tropical drink was too sweet and had too many gadgets sticking out of it including but not limited to an umbrella and a sparkly stick and an edible reptile.   The dcor is plastic, gimmicky, tropical, early 90's, dark.  A section of the wall in the restaurant area periodically "erupts" with neon lights and dry ice.  You'll find yourself wondering which you'd prefer to watch, the cheesy erupting wall or the bartenders.  You'll probably pick the wall.  Kahunaville boasts "flair bartenders" which essentially means you'll stand there cringing as they flip and juggle bottles and mixers and you'll want to ask them "Aren't you a couple decades too late for this fad?" but instead you're watching closely through the smoke and mirrors to see just how much liquor is going into your drink.  Thankfully they pour with a heavy hand.  And you'll need it to hang out in here...
One star for the absolutely lethal mai tais served in giant glasses overflowing with plastic palm trees and other flotation devices that literally knocked me on my ass, and one star for the Swedish bartender who is a triathlete and pilot in her "off" time that thankfully did not knock me on my ass.  Come on: this is Treasure Island and Christian Audigier has a nightclub here, that's enough to keep me away for life.
came here for lunch...wish i had made a different choice. the seating process was fine, but the service was horrible. if you ask for no onions on your medium burger you will get lots of onions and a well done burger. order a sandwich with horseradish, prepare to get none. water was barely kept full the whole time.. service was just overall really really pooor. 40 mins to get food, and another 10 to get our check. longest lunch of our hungover life.   save the trip and time.. maybe i went on a bad day.. but tuesday during summer season isnt and shouldnt be a bad day. never coming here again.
Food sucked.  Overpriced.  Avoid. Thats all you need to know.
If you positively rated this establishment, either you were drunk and were in a different Restaurant and couldn't remember what it was called or you're use to paying people who physically abuse you while wearing little clothing and lots of straps.   Kahunaville is by far the worst place you could probably go to in Vegas; maybe the later evening party scene with flare is why people who rated this did so, but seriously... you're a moron.   We went here the first morning we arrived in Vegas, there were three couples waiting for assistance at the front desk which had its sign for the waiting area actually pointed down the hall away from the establishment... OK what ever... we stood at the podium, and we stood some more; finally 15minutes went by and we got our name on a list along with 1 other couple; the third was told to wait. Every few minutes someone would come up and look at the list and run away. We left after 30 minutes. Later that day we complained to the manager who met us at the front desk, she seemed very nice but was one of the people who was providing poor service that morning. She claimed that it was abnormal since she had 3 employees call in sick that day and invited us to return, a meal on her to receive great service that they're known for... boy was I an idiot to accept. We went in the next morning, and though we were sat quickly we saw our waitress 3 times... she took our order, she dropped off our food, then she dropped off our bill. A coffee carafe means, I DO NOT have to come back to fill your mug or talk to you again, and after having sat there for 10min after my food was delivered to inform the waitress my steak and eggs breakfast was wrong is pathetic. The eggs which were ordered Over Medium, had very little yoke on one egg, the other was NONE, the Steak which was ordered Well Done was dark on the outside but bloody rare on the inside... basically grill was way too hot and it burned the outside while the inside of my steak was cold and VERY red. I was told they could re-fire it, but what's the point of throwing a burnt raw steak on a grill? How does that solve it? I told the waitress not to worry about it, wasn't her fault even though she should have known by looking at it something was wrong, and should have informed the cook not to give her that crap. We didn't pay for our meal, but the manager never stopped by to make sure we were taken care of based on our first horrible attempt to visit, and the staff was running around completely lost, I saw 8 tables inside, and two wait staff plus 1 hostess who's entire plan to seat people was "This way" then walk as quickly to a table as she could, drop the menus off then abruptly leave, most the customers couldn't keep up with her. The food here is fairly pricey, the service is downright rude if not generally nonexistent and the cooks probably couldn't handle a hungry-man TV dinner in a microwave.  Constantly you'll see women in Hawaiin clothing trying to give away coupons for free drinks and money off your meal, they do this because once you go there you'll not want to return.
The hostess here was R-U-D-E!! We came on the day of a major sporting event and asked to be seated where we could watch the game so she proceeded to have a small hissy fit about that. You can't really sit at the bar if you are planning to eat because the video poker machines built into the bar top make it impossible to set a plate down anywhere.   Other than that, i was just OK. The food was alright, drinks were the typical Vegas scam. Halfway through our meal a girl in a bikini covered in leis and other beaded jewelry came to solicit jewelry for some cancer benefit and when I said we weren't interested we were met with a blank stare for several moments before she wandered off to the next table.  There are better places to eat on this end of the strip.
Much like the rest of the strip, this place is ridiculously overpriced and the food isn't that good. If you're hungry but don't feel like a sandwich, entrees will run from $25-$35. Go to a Buffet and get your money's worth of food, if not in quantity at least it'll have quality.
A friend of mine was staying at Treasure Island  a few weeks back, she invited me to lunch, and me not being one to turn down free food decided to head down to go ol' TI and pick her up. I was really hoping she would be open to dining Off Strip but alas, when I met up with her she pulled out her coupon pocketbook. Oh lordy!  She had a 2-for1 buffet coupon as well as those pesky Kahunaville coupon strips the girl in the Hawaiian getup hands you at the bottom of the parking garage escalator. I voted for the buffet but she wasn't "hungry enough to eat at the buffet", she assumed she had to make three trips and stuff herself, tourist mentality for sure.  As we headed into the garish Kahunaville restaurant the hostess asked if we would like to sit inside or outside in the pool area. We chose the latter.  The first red flag should have been the fact that we were not escorted to our table but rather told to turn right, walk down the hallway, and then turn right out of the doors. The outside patio was covered and had misters which was a plus.  After waiting for one table to have an order taken and drink refills for another table (a good 15 minutes) we were finally asked by a waitress what we would like to drink. We told her we would like to use our one free drink coupon which she said was fine but that we wouldn't be able to use any of the other three coupons during this visit. That stunk especially because we wanted to use the "Buy 1 entree, get one 50% off" coupon as well.  After another 10 minutes, our drinks arrived. Mine had about 10 melted ice cubes and tasted like a watered down blue mess. After complaining about my drink the waitress explained "Oh, it depends who the bartender is that day." What the heck kind of answer, fix, or apology is that? Then the waitress finally got around to taking our order "Did you decide what you want?" Obviously, since we have had 25 minutes to study the entire two page menu!  The food was okay, nothing to rave about, for the same price you're better off eating at the hotel cafe. The waitress made no apologies for our experience, blaming anything we complained about on the bartenders or cooks. The couple next to us even addressed the fact that the service was horrible.  While my friend picked up the tab I still felt like I was cheated.
I don't care if you're in a hurry or you're tempted by the cheesy decor. You can do better for late-night bites. Ignore the coupon girls. $5 per dish for late night doesn't require a coupon; it's the normal price.  It claims to be a bar, so it blasts Top 40 music videos (especially remixes), but at least before midnight you'll just see people sitting around, wondering why they can't find a waitress to take their order.  If you insist on eating here, skip the chili dog and just split the nachos and quesadillas.
BAD! BAD! BAD!  We were lured in by the infamous coupons handed out at the bottom of the escalators leading in to TI from the tram stop. The original plan was to head over to RA sushi for happy hour, but the convenience of not having to walk over the bridge in the cold lead us in, against our better judgment.  Hostess = very rude. This should have been warning enough to turn around and leave. We were ignored for a few minutes before being lead to our table, were we then waited another 10 minutes for our equally rude waitress to acknowledge our presence, breaking the news:  Although though the coupon girl assured us that we - party of 5 - could each use one of the free drink  or  2-for-1 drink offers she handed us, we found that not to be the case once inside. One free drink coupon OR the 2-for-1 entree coupon would have to be shared amongst us. Bait and switch much? especially because she made it a point to hand each of us our own pile of worthless paper. We should have left then...  Because we had a guest-list invite across town, and didn't want to waste anymore time walking in heels to find another dinner spot, we stuck around in the interest of saving time. BIG MISTAKE. After dropping the no-coupon bomb on our table, the very rude waitress disappeared for another 10 minutes - at this point I should mention that we were 1 of about 3 parties in the whole place, and there was another waitress working in addition to bar tenders, and bussers - Growing impatient, we ordered our own drinks from the bar and brought them back to the table, using a 2-for-1 and a free drink coupon amongst 3 of us. We got back to the table and the waitress, seeing our drinks, rolled her eyes sarcastically snapping at us "I see you're all set on drinks". we should have left then, but of course, didn't. Rude waitress proceeded to take our order for two entrees and an appetizer to be split. She disappears for another 10 minutes.     Upon returning, the waitress hands us a check for just the appetizer, and tells us that she's clocking out and the bar will be handling our order from here on out. I would later find out that we had reached the transition from full menu to "late night $5 menu"  in the 45+ minutes we had spent waiting around inside the restaurant.  Puzzled, I went up to the bartender we had ordered our drinks from and explained that we were confused as to what happened with our entrees (whether or not they were still available, or if the order had been put in etc) and then told him "it's no big deal, we'll order a few more $5 appetizers, if that's all that's available". The bartender had NO clue as to what was going on and said he'd find his manager to "take care of it"   "finally" I thought, "someone who can figure this all out"   By the time the manager made it to our table, we had been waiting in the restaurant for nearly an hour. Our appetizer (the nachos, which weren't half bad, but definitely not enough to split 5 ways) had arrived via another waitress who - not surprisingly - had no clue as to what had happened to our entree order and couldn't help us with ordering more appetizers. Keeping with, what I can only assume now is company policy for staff/customer relations, the manager was extremely rude. We explained the situation, told him we were in a hurry, and that we didn't care if we got the entrees or not but did need to feed everyone in our group asap - as we had a set time to meet a promoter. We got a short and annoyed response from the manager, who said he'd check it out and be right back, which he was 5 minutes later to let us know the entrees were on the way. "great" I though...  Fast forward nearly 30 minutes later, and STILL no entrees. Most annoyingly, the original waitress who was helping us had walked past our table 4 or 5 times while helping rope off the area we're still sitting in STARVING. Our single appetizer was gone, our mediocre drinks were gone, and we decided to follow suit. On the way out the door, the manager blocked our path, saying, in a Creepy Mc Creeperton tone "where are you going, your entrees will be out in 2 minutes". Another party member - fed up - reminded him that we'd been waiting 45 minutes since our "waitress" took  said order, pushing past, as I barked over my shoulder "I'm totally yelping this B.S."  so here I am...   1)  I know this wasn't indented to be a gourmet dining experience. 2)  Yes, I know it's at T.I. 3)  I'm aware of regular coupon policies.    but seriously!  Pressed for time, we ended up having a taxi driver drop us off at Sonic across the street from The Palms. When I'm actually choosing to eat Sonic over any other establishment, it should speak pretty loudly and clearly as to how EXTREMELY BAD, the experience was.  I would however rate the teenage, minimum wage earners at Sonic 1000 x better than the folks here!
WOW! look at that bartender spinning those bottles to prepare my drink!  look! keep looking  GEEZUS! just give me my freaking drink already! i don;t think anybody is watching you do that!  just outside the entrance to this place, someone will hand you coupons to free drinks (buy one get one free) same goes with meals.  this is a bad sign already!  when walking in you feel like this is a reject child of the rainforest cafe that never grew up out of its teen years.  (it makes sense to me.)  this place does stink like sewage that is no joke.. something was up with that. beer selection was minimal. didnt try the food but the wings looked as if they were made of rubber....  bottom line...    walk past this place.  you will find something better.
Vegas...They know how to promote their businesses well, handing out coupons so you can go check out their place. I've been fooled over and over again..What does this mean about me? That I'm compulsive? I hope not. My sister and I wanted to find a place to drink before heading off to a club and enticing coupons were offered. "Buy one drink, and second one free". As we entered, the crowd was a mixture of middle-aged couples to groups of friends who looked 21. The bartenders did fancy tricks with bottles lke what I've seen in the movie "Cocktails", but much worse. They needed more practice, much more practice. The DJ/announcer kept yelling and trying to pump the crowd up, screaming "who wants free shots? You gotta scream!"  It's a pathetic rendition of the movie "Cocktails" and the food wasn't alll that great. At least the bartenders were nice and entertaining.
Oy. Where do I start? The fact that we were constantly given coupons already gave me the preconception that is was a tacky bar before I even saw the place. And what a place it was. Think a Rainforest Cafe without the children and an oxygen bar (I still don't get Vegas' fascination with those), then add many different random aspects and there you are.   So anyways, I used a 2 for one drink deal, and got my mom a margarita while I had a bottled beer. The bartender was very nice and tried to make conversation after seeing I was from Missouri (do I look like I go to Mizzou?!). He also did some flaring which was entertaining to watch (I have rarely been in a bar where they flair so that one was easy). However, the quality of my mother's drink was meh. It looked like he just opened up a frozen mix and plunked it in without any alcohol. This also came with a separate shot of tequila, which makes me think like they didn't try with mixing anything. My beer was good, but that's because they didn't have to make it or handle it outside of cracking one open...  So overall, I would say avoid or think of them when you think you want a good deal in Vegas.
Absolutely horrible! I took my boss there along with several clients and couldn't have been more disappointed. Background, I've been there a few times and been happy but my first time back in about 2 years.  The guy flipping bottles was breaking them everywhere and appeared to be whacked out on meth, I'm being serious. Then he auctioned off the drink he made for $50, are you kidding me?!?! He wasn't even adding the ingredients while performing and would just randomly pour something in a metal bar cup and then shook it up and took forever to try to rack up his "auction" price.  Honestly it was a joke and we left after one drink. Sad, depressing and made you have an uncomfortable feeling.
Went there for dinner with business associates. The food was terrible and the service was crap. If you need a restaurant in TI, go to Asle instead.
2.5 stars...  Came here for breakfast because we had a coupon...$6.99 for 2 eggs, bacon, taters and toast. Doesnt include drinks and that's where they take the value of the coupon and shove it up your ass. $3.25 for the liquid tar in a cup and another $3 for the thimble of cranberry juice. The food came out quick and it was pretty good. That said our meal was interrupted by the pitiful water "show" that went on.   Typical chain style and they seem to love the crazy bartenders that spin bottles in the air and then charge $18 for shitty drink, but that's not my bag.
Ugh gross.  My family and I visited Treasure Island for the first time and were searching for a good restaurant that was somewhat affordable.    We checked the menu here and decided to try it.  Bad mistake.  The waitress was rude and hardly bothered to come over to our table (8 of us and we all were thirsty)  When we finally got the food, eh, for the most part it was OK but wayyyy too pricey for what it was.  My stepdad ordered the steak sandwich and it was so tough when he bit into it, he had to pull on it and the bread came off.  ...not how a steak should be cooked!  He did not end up eating it and let the waitress know what happened.  The so-called "manager with a mohawk" came over and said he will let the cook know. What????  Finally, at the end, it was taken off the darn bill and they gave him a big bowl of ice cream since it was his birthday, but that still doesn't make up for being rude and disgusting.
Eeks, stay away. My friends and I came here only because we just arrived at TI and we were starving! I wished we starved ourselves a little longer and went elsewhere, oh well, lesson learned. Here's the scope, the service was slow and the food was bad. You'd think, we being so hungry, anything would've tasted good but nope, didn't happen. We ordered a varety of appetizers and entrees including the island crab dip (dip was sitting out for too long, it was cold), luau shrimp (overcooked), coconut shrimp (ehh), mozzarella triangles (sitting out for too long, the cheese was hard), hawaiian sliders (okay), nachos (again, sitting out for too long, the cheese was too dense), ahi salad (okay), crab cakes (yuk!)... There you have it. I think if the our server didn't take too long to bring out our food it might have turned out differently.. who knows, all I know is I'm never coming back.
Scaled down version of rainforest cafe! Water show was lame. Food was less than average. Wish we could have sat at the bar...Looked fun but it was full. Would not go back just for the bar!  Only pro was that we did not have any problems with the service and waiter was pleasant.
Nothing to write home about. However the Treasure Island tries to give you a bunch of coupons for it. So, in that sense I would give it a whirl. Did not have the food.
Let's just say I went there on july 8 and i got charged twice on my credit card. I just placed one drink order and I got slammed! Im not sure why this happened, but bar patrons BEWARE!!!!
I agree with Jamie D. Ugh. No joke, I find this place extremely disgusting. We stopped by briefly because I got Treasure Island confused with Circus Circus thinking they both had some kind of entertainment area for kids like theme park games. Anyway, we stopped for a quick bite before our show...a decision I quickly regretted. I asked for some lemons with my order of ice tea only to find it rotten and stinking.  Our order of cocktail shrimp was also in the same condition - molding and smelled fishy...definitely not fresh. About an hour later both my boyfriend and I felt sick to our stomach. For fear of food poisoning and being stuck at a show later that evening, we threw up just to get it our of our system. Also, horrible service, our server was no where to be found and had to ask for refills twice, this restaurant needs to be shut down!!
some girl handed each of us some stupid "buy a drink at Kahunaville get a shot for free" card as we walked through TI.  Continued on to see the TI "pirate show" then went back inside to grab a drink (and supposedly free shot).  Were seated, handed menus, saw waitress when we walked in, waited 10 minutes, and couldnt see anybody in sight other than the bartender juggling an EMPTY bottle of Captain Morgan and the host was talking to some random guy outside.  We left.  Suck it.
This was the first place we went to upon arriving in Vegas, and it was a terrible welcoming. We found coupons at our hotel and we decided to try it. I didn't know what to order so I decided on the mini sandwich sampler. They were all pretty terrible except for the french dip. My friend ordered a crab cake sandwich for I have no idea what reason. As stupid as it is to order a crab cake in the desert, it was as bad as you'd expect. It was pretty expensive and inedible. My boyfriend got the Cuban and it was confusingly bad. It was dry but oily? We were cheap asses and took it home, it was better cold and dipped in ranch or ketchup.  The only plus was that the bartender let us use a second coupon for a free drink. Not bad drinks..
we have been here a few times when we we go to vegas and its usually good...  It was mediocre at best this time and our server had no personality at all.  They wanted $27.99 for a 6 piece shrimp dinner!! Um, no...   Our food was so so. Husband got the pork tenderloins and they were over cooked and his potatoes tasted like they were out of the box instant ones...  Our kids got chicken fingers that were standard.  Go there for drinks again maybe, but the food has gone downhill.
Boring... Perhaps this place is jumping at times other than when we visited but I was sorely under impressed with this place.  The food was average and nothing really stood out. And hell, all the drinks are overly expensive. $9.50 for a drink the size of a small styrofoam cup? This is Vegas right?  Anyways, the experience I'm sure is greater when its overly packed and has more going on. Perhaps if people are drunk enough when they arrive, it will mask skimp and over priced drinks, and the bland atmosphere during its off peak times.
this place is not hawaiian. food and presentation was poor.   but since the waiter and manager made an effort to accomodate my friend's pickiness (sometimes worse than me) i decided it was worth 2 stars.  ordered coconut shrimp and she had ordered chicken both of which are like $25 each. so u would think it was good.   i hope others didnt buy the groupon like i did... disappointing  btw...get the window view or the bar; the dining area is shitty. some one will tell you the "water show" is so great. NOT! you can turn on the sprinkler at home and that will be better
Lunch/Dinner: Food was terrible.  Server recommended ribs - tasted terrible and had chunks of cartilage or something. I've had baby back ribs plenty of times, but never did it have so much random chunks of bones and cartilage. Maybe just a poor cut of ribs. I could only eat 1/5 of the ribs before I just gave up.  My company ordered miso salmon - enjoyed it.  An hour later we both had extremely sour stomachs.
2 stars for trying, but Kahunaville just doesn't cut it....  I had been here once before years ago and this place didn't deliver then. However, they make it look so fancy on the website and in the Treasure Island ads I caved. I saw a groupon for this place and knew I had an upcoming trip to Vegas so I figured why not?  Well, I should have remembered my first experience here. I thought this place would have a real fun vegas like atmosphere with an island theme. The atmosphere was more like applebees which I hate.  They tried, but they once again failed to deliver. I had the Bang Bang Shrimp which was way way too spicy. I kept on having to ask for water then got tired of eating it. The person I was with had the chicken parmesan and didn't like it at all. Margaritas were close to $10, ridiculous.   No thanks, I won't come back again like a fool.
The service of our waitress was very rude and not professional.  Sat for 20min never came back to take our order. Food didn't taste good. It was too salty.
Got a groupon here for $26. The food quality has definitely gone downhill from when they first opened. It used to be great fresh food, they have gone to frozen and it doesn't feel like they rotate items. I ordered hibachi shrimp and chicken.  I'm Asian so I know rice, what they served could be described as hard rice kernels, that are almost as if they are old and have been sitting out with a few that taste as if they have not been cooked through. The shrimp was rubbery and the chicken dry with sauce on it. My hubs had the bang bang shrimp, the only bang thing about it, was that he wanted to bang his head on the table because they were terrible. It was battered shrimp( the small shrimp with 5 coats of batter) with a semi spice sauce, over a bed of "rice" ( refer to above for description of rice)  they have great alcohol and that is what you are better spending money on.
I'm embarrassed to admit to my friends reading this review that I ate here.  It was terrible.  Bad service, dated setting, pretty terrible food, and outrageously "gouging" prices.  I sat for a minute at the keyboard searching for a positive... but here it is:  The Bar looked happening.  If I was drunk and 21, and with a bunch of friends, I would have gone.  But then... I couldn't have afforded it.  I ate here with my kids and wife, we were in the area, and thought it might be a "rainforest cafe" experience for my 5 year old.  Food was plentiful.  Wow... okay, found a second positive.  But for what I paid for such crappy food (almost Swill... look it up!), I'm actually embarrassed.  Do yourself a favor and WALK ON BY.  Surely, for the love of God, don't drive here to eat.
This place was extremely pricey.  We ended up getting seated in the back at this dark table where we couldn't even read the menu.  The coconut shrimp was actually delicious, but the service sucked so bad I wouldn't come back here and spend that kind of money.  We wanted to walk out because our waitress took so long to just give us the bill.
Pricey food that's mediocre as well as service . Best crappy food & service I've ever been to so far this year !
Save your $ and eat elsewhere. Their bar is good though.
Great drinks but don't bother with the food. We have eaten here twice and there was nothing on the plate that made me want to come back.
Awful service, our waiter didn't check on us even once. We ran out of our tiny juice drinks in a second and we were holding our hands up for 20 minutes and still got no attention. Breakfast is so-so, portions are big, coupons are just a joke.
We bought a Living social deal or was it a Groupon deal?Either way the Value was 54dollars and i bought the coupon for 26(didnt think it was a Bad deal at all)Untl we got there-The Menu is as expensive as all get out,then the portion sizes are so small not filling at all.My husband said he could have popcorn when he got home coz he was still hungry(all bad)The food display is pretty but am not there to look at food,am there to eat it.Alcohol prices are prohibitve.All in all I thought It was a good way to try a local spot by a local,but the only thing they made is LOCO!My recommendation is not patronize this establishment,if you have to bring deep pockets and light stomach. My husband and I will not,I repeat will not be returning to this establishment at all.Not even if we win a Jackpot at that Casino!
Beware..they lure you in with COUPONS.....  Other than my nightmare airport experiences of getting to/leaving Vegas this Restaurant probably was the only other bad part about my trip to Vegas.   Im usually pretty liberal when it comes to rating a restaurant taking into account service, cost, taste, experience, etc. Mr. WiLL is usually a pretty easy guy to please! however this place and me got off on the wrong foot. First of all I think I was instantly turned off that this Hawaiian themed restaurant had about 0% of Aloha in their menu....I mean I wasn't expecting an authentic hawaiian meal but I was thinking there would be some sort of commercialized Panda Express/Bahama Breeze attempt at it? Or even a few Musubi's would have shut me up when it comes to questioning why this place went with a Hawaiian theme....but seriously the only Aloha in this place was the jungle print menu...that being said they could add a few more fish tanks and called this place the Rain Forest Cafe. However there is two reasons why I ended up here as many times (3 times to be exact) as I did and thats because I was staying in treasure Island and I had a coupon.   I've been to plenty of restaurants where service is non existent and it doesn't bother me because usually there is some yummy food that more than makes up for it. I understand why some places may not have the best of service for reasons such as being understaffed, cultural differences (In some cultures if a waitress is constantly coming to your table it means they want you to leave rather than enjoy your food & chat with your party), or just simply not well trained. However when it comes to a Chain like restaurant in a Casino one would think that basics courtesy would be the standard? Not for 2 out of my 3 experience  My first experience our waitress seemed to be....off in her own world? the place wasn't busy at all but she seemed preoccupied with something ....just not sure what it was. The plastic cups for our beverages was kind of a turn off as well. My Chicken burger was super dry and all the kahuna bbq sauce in the world could not save it...and believe me I TRIED SO HARD! lol  The 2nd time I came here for a drink and the bartender literally took 10 minutes to get to me because he was dancing behind the counter? and the place was dead with only like 3 people sitting at the bar. When the bartender finally took my drink order he totally got it wrong because I wanted one of those cool long margarita glasses and instead got a 10 oz disposable cup......fail....  My last experience was breakfast out by the pool....this experience was a lot better! The food was good, our server was actually happy to see us, and made an effort to make us feel welcomed.  all in all my last experience is the only reason this place got two stars instead of one....however if you don't have a coupon there are better places on the strip to spend your money.
As a foodie, this is not my favorite restaurant in the world. That being said, it has it's place on the Vegas strip.  We had a coupon book from Treasure Island and figured, why not save some money on lunch. We are seated at a dingy table in the bar area. There is only one other table with people at it in the whole restaurant. The waitress is extremely inattentive and seems to have zero care for her table. The food, alright, but nothing to write home about.  Our last morning we decided to give it one more shot (they have a $6 breakfast special.) As it was a warmer morning, they gave us the opportunity to sit by the pool. The ambiance was MUCH better (though the music didn't need to be QUITE so loud at 9 in the morning.) The waiter this time was extremely attentive and helpful. The food, still mediocre.  Bottom line, if you need a semi fast, cheap option in Vegas and don't care much about the quality of your food... go here.
This bar/ restaurant is right inside TI by the pool area. It is not very big, but adequate for parties and they do have a very small dance floor. You can always get some kind of drink special since they are handing out coupons in front of the place.  The drinks itself are not very strong and seems kind of watered down with the amount of ice in the cups. Even the couple of shots my gf and I had free tasted like they were lemonade instead of a mixture of alcohol and lemon juice. One interesting aspect is that they have bartenders that actually pour alcohol from the bottles right into your mouth and their is no charge, but my gf said even those were very weak with what they mixed.  The drink prices were kind of high, but that is to almost be expected when you purchase a drink inside a casino.
This is my first review and it was so bad, that i made sure i wrote this review...Do not come here unless u love MSG... Food comes out Luke warm and at the price you pay, might as well go somewhere to eat
Before reading the review below, please note that once I posted this, the restaurant management team reached out to me immediately so they could better understand our experience and use the review below to work with their staff to ensure a better customer experience.  Thank you Kahunaville Management Team. ____  Yack, wretch, what the hell are these people thinking??  I couldn't find the "no star" option, so I'll stick with one.  Where do I begin.....  Late lunch, not very busy, we were seated in the bar area at a table in the back.  Ordered the wedge salad, nachos and the sandwich sampler.  Waited for quite a while for the wedge salad to appear, when it did, there was a metal screw in it, stuck to the blue cheese dressing.  I have no idea where in the heck this metal screw could have come from, but had I not seen it before ingesting, it could have been very upsetting.  That, along with the fact that I couldn't see any green under the mound of dressing, I asked for the replacement salad to have dressing on the side.  I guess the fact that the salad was drowned in dressing made it much easier to identify the metal screw.    Didn't finish the salad.  Was not good, red iceberg lettuce, clearly had been out for a while... Forgave the salad and waited for the rest our food FOREVER.  When the sandwich sampler finally came out, at least 30 minutes after the salad (it's been about an hour overall) the so-called food on the plate was practically unrecognizable.  The sandwich buns were so hard you could throw them at a wall and see a dust cloud.  I had to point with my fork at items, and look to my wife to decipher what was on the plate.   We could barely identify the solidified pork ball with a white substance on top, but the other items, where a slather of gravy was involved, we can't tell you what it was. Maybe some dried up meat bits? a fried piece of something? all that and the fries were dried out and dark brown.  The nachos had the lowest quality cheese sauce on them possible and that coupled with the chef boyardee "chili meat" made us both say, that's it! We're outta here!  I get it people, this primarily a bar, where people would primarily order bar food.  I love bars.  I love bar food.  This is not bar food, this is BARF FOOD.  Now folks, I'm a big hearty kind of guy.  I'm not that picky about my food, but this was the first time, in my entire 41 years on this planet, that I actually left without eating a bite. My wife wanted to just walk out, but for karma's sake, I spent the next 10 minutes trying to find our server to pay for this horrific meal, so we could leave.  When she finally came to our table, do you think she asked why we were leaving two entire plates of food? drum rollllllllllll  nope! She just said, hey have a good day.    Gross.
had a groupon for this place and came here for lunch with my parents.. MISTAKE LOL I guess it was for lunch so it was ok but this is definitely a party bar and so i should have expected the food to not be on par....  The portions are huge but everything was too salty - we ordered some type of pasta dish i dont even remember. Even their coffee which was was suppose to hawaiian authentic was watered down according to my parents.   yeah i wouldn't go here for food - just for drinks which was buy one get one free with the yelp check in deal. That is the only thing worth it!
I probably would not o back to this place.  We went here because we had a free drink (up to $9) voucher from the hotel and a buy one get one 1/2 price coupon for dinner.  They also have a "free shot" deal if you log onto Four Square.   The Free shot.    They give you a choice of three different of shots.   I ordered a Kamikaze and the waitress repeated it as a Lemon Drop and I confirmed Kamikaze.  She came back again to ask me what I ordered and I repeated Kamikaze... and I still did not get a Kamikaze.  I ordered the Crab Cake Sandwich and my wife ordered the Chicken Parmesan (for the life of me I could not understand why Chicken Parm would be on a the menu of a Polynesian themed restaurant!)    My sandwich was served on a plate that was HOT!  I mean hot like you would expect with an Italian or Mexican dish.  It was like just came out of the oven hot which made no sense as there was nothing to be melted on my meal.  The hot plate wilted the lettuce before it even got to the table.  Crisp lettuce compliments a crab cake sandwich, wilted, warm lettuce really distracts from it.    My wife's chicken parm was nothing to write home about.  It tasted like a store bought chicken patty covered with store bought sauce, and topped with a little mozzarella cheese melted at the last minute.       Throughout our time there, our buy one get one free drink voucher sat in plain view on the table, however our waitress NEVER ASKED US what we would like.  I actually had to ask her of we could order a drink!    This place has an EXTENSIVE tropical drink menu with not a single price on it.  With some research I found that the average drink on that menu is about $18!  So your "free" drink will cost you at least $9 if you order off the menu.  My wife ordered a Pina Colada and I had a Vodka Gimlet.  The gimlet was good but my wife said that the PC, the drink they discounted, was way too sweet and way too weak and she didn't finish it.     After serving our food, our waitress never came back to check on us, NEVER refilled our water and would not even make eye contact with us!  I actually had to call her attention to us just to get some water!  This restaurant looks and feels great.  The food presentation is very unique with dry ice "smoking" coconuts or volcano's on some dishes.  The food itself is ok but certainly not worth the price they charge.  It is rather expensive and the service was TERRIBLE!  This could be a really cool place if it operated on the premise of serving a quality experience rather than draining your wallet.  Edit: My wife wanted me to point out that when she ordered the Pina Colada, she ordered it made with Malibu Rum, what she got was the sugary , pre-made cocktails they have in the machines.    Once again the waitress got our order WRONG!
IF IT AINT BROKE DONT FIX IT.  Me and my buddies go to vegas every June  for our annual. " DONT WAKE UP IN A THE HOSPITAL TRIP"and we always end our trip at kaunaville. Kaunaville had a cover band that could possibly be th best cover band ive ever seen . The band has been playing there for the last three years . So needless to say , we were looking forward to ending our trip the way we all ways do ......at kahunaville.   So you can amagine how we felt when they told us management got rid of them because people were watching the band and not buying enough drinks ,I understand that money runs the world but the vibe in kahunaville is all wrong now . we tried to stay out of loyalty but we left 20 mins later  i hope management reads this and get those guys back......PLEASE.  IF IT AINT BROKE DONT FIX IT
Horrible, Horrible and horrible!  We came here because we had the buy one dinner entree and get one free but I honestly don't even think it was worth it. We were seated right near the hostess and our server didn't come to the table for like 15 minutes! She was completely out of it like she just rolled out of bed and came to work and didn't write anything down so of course she forgot things.  The food was just okay, I ordered the chicken teryaki with jasmine rice but i was smothered with huge chunks of vegetables and pineapple pieces. I wasn't wowed by my meal but at least one of our entrees was free!
Extremely disappointed at the poor service that was received here.  It is inexcusable to have to wait 15 - 20 minutes to have your order taken.  We waved a waitress down who said she was off the clock and went to look for our waitress.  The lady who came didnt even apologize for the wait!!! She just looked at us!   She finally took our orders down on a napkin after she forgot the first time.  The Hawaiian Pork Tournedoes weren't too bad, the review would have been better if it wasnt for the service, but we would have been better elsewhere.  Thank god we had a coupon out of a booklet.  Cheers
BEWARE OF THE COUPONS!  We bought a coupon on Living Social for $50 worth of food for $25.  It sounded like a pretty good deal, however...  when we went to the restaurant we found out that the coupon is only good for about 8 entree items on the menu.  If you don't want to eat one of those 8 items then the coupon is worth only $25, or exactly what you paid for it.  We didn't see anything we wanted in the entree items so we ended up just using the coupon for what we paid for it.  I'm sure there is some small print somewhere that says that the coupon is only good for the entree items but it does seem like a bait and switch.  The food was actually pretty good but the whole coupon thing left a bad taste in my mouth.  We live in Las Vegas but I don't think we will ever go back there and I would definitely warn others to stay away.
My first, AND LAST, time at this restaurant. Thank goodness we had a 50% off entree coupon as the food was NOT WORTH FULL PRICE! I had the Organic Mushroom Chicken which was to have a "peppercorn" sauce with Bleu Stilton in it. The sauce was canned gravy, no peppercorn taste, nor Bleu Stilton. I had 3 SLICES of mushrooms (not the 2 types of mushrooms which should have been a lot more in quantity to match the title and description of the dish), and about 6 kernels of roasted corn. To top it off, the chicken, which was to be grilled, boneless chicken breast, WAS BREADED!!! I reported my dissatisfaction to the manager when he came by and he just blew me off, offering no compensation! [Note: the potatoes and vegetables were fine.] THANK GOODNESS FOR OUR EXCELLENT WAITER! He offered us a free dessert and hearty apologies for the poor quality of my main course and lack of concern by the manager. We tipped him extra, since the restaurant automatically included a tip even though there was only 2 of us, to help offset his out-of-pocket expense for the dessert.  The stir-fry my husband chose had wonderful presentation and good taste.  If you want an extremely noisy bar, feel free to visit it.  I was glad there was a separate dining room so you could hear yourself think and talk without shouting.
I have never had such bad service in my life!  Came in to find the hostess on the phone for about 10 minutes before even greeting me.  Finally, I was seated hoping my experience here would get better.  Then the waitress was horrible!  What are the chances.  She didn't make eye contact, wasn't friendly....can't say anything good about her.  The food was okay, but after the terrible service, the food didn't matter.  I couldn't wait to get out of there!  That waitress needs to find another job where she has no contact with the public.
We went in because of the buy one get one free drink coupon that they were handling out however, $18 for 2 Bud Lights and 2 mudslides was outrageous.  The bar area was pretty vacant, the bartenders put on quite a bit of a show, the atmosphere seemed relaxing except for 1 annoying chick that would not stop squaking like a hawk - I would have given her $20 just to get out of my sight.  I understand it's Vegas so the price hike is expected but I c'mon..
Second time here and have to say not really impressed. The first time I went there was for drinks and we partied it up had a good time, ordered some food to get by and that was good too. Not very busy at the time, so kind of boring in there. Probably much more lively later on. Anyway, second visit was just for dinner with the kiddos so we actually sat in the restaurant part. Very dark, very loud. The music just kept getting LOUDER AND LOUDER to where we couldn't even have a conversation. The reggae version of Hotel California really did crack me up. The "water show" was quite pitiful. I love the idea, but some lame jungle music did not enhance the experience. If you really want it to be an attraction then get some hula dancers or fire twirlers, etc. Make it a real show.  The food was hit and miss. I had the pina colada chicken and I thought it was very good. The coconut and pineapple sauce was just right, not overpowering. The chicken was breaded, but not dry or tough. The hibachi veggies were julienned and very delicious. My daughter had the chicken parm and she said it was okay...the pasta that came with it was very bland. Our friends daughter had mac and cheese off the kids menu with french fries. Very disappointed that for $7 all she got was microwave macaroni with powered cheese from a BOX! Her mom had the chicken caesar salad and did not eat very much as it was not tasty. Overall disappointment. We went with a Living Social deal, but I wouldn't even bother ever again.
Not bad for a touristy, in hotel restaurant on the strip but not really "dinner quality." The food is tasty but not exactly island style. They have a huge drink menu, almost too big, but they are good and reasonably priced as well.
Was in Vegas on vacation and saw this place had a groupon. We were staying nearby and thought wtf not?!  Lets say that even with the groupon it was a tad overpriced. The food was not bad but for the total (would have been 80 bucks was 46 with groupon) it was not worth it.   Portions were big but it lacked any thing that was more than just good. The alcoholic beverage was just ok tasting but for the price I expected more.   If it were cheaper I'd say it's a good place to go... but not for the prices set. And service was kinda crappy.   Overall a 2.5 star.
Use the coupon or else!  Service was slow even in the low season of November ... I shutter to think how it would be in summer with the pool open and not half full of diners .  I  have  had  better .
What the???   You know it's a freak show when at the entrance they have a flavored oxygen bar with some "masseur" rubbing backs and scalps (all for $20!).  Next the bartenders twirl bottles (you ought to be impressed by this?) and pour shots in your mouth (do not fall for this, it's low end booze and I did notice the bottle tip touching the patrons).     Finally take a look at the video poker and gaming machines on the bar.  If the shooter thing above didn't lack the basics of hygiene enough, this will simply gross you out as the food and who knows what is all crusted up next to these gaming machines.   I think the toilet bowl drink container is appropriate here...
The waitresses weren't the best looking,  if that is what you are looking for I suggest going  elsewhere. The service was slow & the drinks were watered down and sugary. I was happy with what I ordered however. I ordered the bbq pulled pork sandwich which wasn't bad. On the plus side they have several TVs so it would be a good place to catch a game.
If the food wasn't good they would get a one star review.  Our drinks took 20 minutes to come, they over-rang our check--adding two extra entrees. They forgot the kid menus and crayons after asking for them 4 times. They LIED about the "water show". I made reservations because they said they had a nightly kid friendly show. When we arrived they said they weren't going to have it because of UFC. I'm the biggest UFC fan so I would have understood If she just said it on the phone. We left with 4 disappointed kids. Money is NEVER an issue with us. We just try to find fun kid friendly places... So never ever again!   I would never recommend this place to anyone with kids. Go to margaritaville!  They have super friendly fast service and good food.   Be warned. I'm a local.. Not a tourist. We know best!
Poor atmosphere, poor service.  Careful with your receipt these guys overcharge the credit card.
Our first night in Las Vegas for my girlfriend's birthday trip, her cousin suggested this place. Cousin and cousin's husband had arrived the night before us, walked past Kahunaville, heard the general party atmosphere commotion coming from within, and determined this might be a good spot to spend some time and money. Boy were they wrong.  I don't know what was happening the night before, but when we came it was dead. Granted it was early, only about 8:00 or so, but it was a Friday night and we wanted to have fun. The atmosphere is cheesy, reminded me of a Rainforest Caf but more sleazy, at first I thought it WAS a Rainforest Caf, ha ha ha...   We sat down at the bar and the bartenders outnumbered us. Several of them seemed busy, serving the few customers other than us around the bar. Then our bartender came over, who didn't appear to have any customers as yet, so you would think he'd be happy for the business, but instead gave us an attitude like we were disrupting his relaxation time. My girlfriend asked what he would recommend from the drink menu, which is her MO as she generally doesn't bother with making decisions in unfamiliar territory and relies on what the employees like. Instead of naming off a few drinks or his favorite, or heck, the most expensive thing on the menu because if he'd had the brains to say it she probably would have just bought it, he made some snarky comment about reading the menu. Okay dude, you are on the clock right? Like, this is your job, right? So she ordered a shooter and a margarita, which was overpriced and she said it wasn't that great. Her cousin ordered a flamboyant purple drink that came in a big fishbowl souvenir cup and was smoking with dry ice. It looked really cool and was a big hit but of course was overpriced. Don't know what the husband ordered. For my part I ordered a Monster in the can, which cost $7.00. Outrageous.   On top of that, he mocked my GF's cousin when he asked how we'd like the bill, she clearly stated and gestured that she and her husband would be together. I'm hearing impaired and I could hear her say it, two people down the bar. He copied her gesture and said "I don't know what this means," all snippy. All four of us looked at each other like, What's this guy's problem? Did we mistakenly end up at Dicks?  We are literally his only customers! I guess he was either having a bad night or just doesn't like making money. He didn't get any of ours.  It was so awkward after that, we left. I guess the angry bartender had the night off the previous night, because he was clearly not bringing the party on Friday. So we went somewhere else. None of us will be back.
First off there is a reason its is hidden off the floor!!  Okay although the hotel part of Treasure Island is nice, their bars and restruants are really some of worst here.  The menu here is overpriced and served underwelming.  We were fortunate to have other people spend $20-$25 a plate on poorly presented food.  We had our 2 for 1 drink coupon, and waited about fifteen minutes to be served, place was half full!!  The nice people next to us had their words "really bad dry" ribs loaded with sauce and coconut shimp that was dry too.  The portions were decent size but for the prices, you really should like your food.  We held out for about twenty-five minutes waiting to be served.  I would not go back if food was free.  This must be for people who are loaded, you can get something served in mini toliet if they ever get around to waiting on you!!
I would have given Kahunaville one star for the service; but I really liked my drink and food. I ordered the big Kahunaville drink that you see in the pictures with the smoke and everything. It was so good and I am still using the cup because it is very fun. I also liked my food; but that's because I love any kind of food that includes pasta let alone penne pasta! But it was like I had to satisfy our server when isn't it the other way around? The server seemed to hate us and everyone else they were serving. By the end of the service we finally got the server to smile once. Mission accomplished! When we first walked in we weren't sure we had arrived because there was an oxygen bar that took up 80% of the entry to the restaurant. When we finally got noticed, even though there were people right up front at the oxygen bar, we were sat at a table in the back of the restaurant next to the DJ booth at the end of an abandoned stage. HAHA!! This was the most awkward experience at Vegas for us. Do not order the Paradise Sampler if you are very hungry; it doesn't even satisfy one person. The pineapple top and dry ice-filled volcano vase are fillers to make the platter appear bountiful.
We came here because of a $25 (6 drink) coupon with Travelzoo.  It's not Travelzoo's fault but in hindsight, I should have passed.  No hostess in sight when we arrived even though we waited about 5 minutes.  It looked like a bar, so we helped ourselves to a table cuz there were 7 of us just like you would at any bar.  Our mistake.  Both the waitress and the very rude hostess approached us and said "who sits at a dirty table with money on it".  Um, yeah.  That explains the tip in change.  Yes, pennies, nickels and dimes.
We went here for lunch because I wanted more info on the yard margaritas (or whatever they are called).  I didn't end up getting one because I decided it was too early in the day and they were too expensive for something I might end up not finishing.  I had a grilled veggie sandwich which I picked apart and barely ate.  It just looked unappetizing.  I was really disappointed with this experience.  Also, our table wasn't very clean and the place was empty so I am not sure why our waitress seemed to be in such a bad mood.  Or maybe the lack of tables/impact on her tips was the reason for her mood.  Either way there's no reason I would go back here.
Disgustingly poor service. We were so appalled and shocked of the attitude we received from our waitress, all four of us looked at one another and got up and left immediately after she took our order.  The wait is very deceiving, first of all. Do not be fooled. We decided to try Kahunaville for breakfast after seeing that there wasn't a line. The host asked how many, and then preceded to walk us halfway thru the restaurant to the REAL waiting area, which was approximately forty-five minutes.  Once we were seated, we looked over the very small but extremely affordable menu (I think there are 8 total breakfast options?) and we were happy with what we saw. Our unhappy middle-aged ex-stripper of a waitress walk up to our table, frowning, and just stood there with a pad and pen. I greeted her with "Good morning" and her response was "What's your order?". We all kindly gave our order, and my husband was finishing his when she walked off. The problem was that he wasn't finished with his order. He hollered "Excuse me, miss?" to get her attention before she walked too far and she turned around, rolled her eyes, and just stared at him without saying a word. My husband asked for a side of sausage, and rather than any sort of "thank you" or "coming right up", she just walked off with an attitude.   I have a feeling this particular waitress came back and cursed us out, without thinking her attitude and lack of professionalism had anything to do with our absence.  We all left feeling like we were on a hidden camera show for bad service. It was just a huge waste of time and a bad way to start the day.
where to i begin? i dont even want to give it 1 star because it doesnt even deserve that.   First off we had no idea where you check in at to get a table, after standing around for about 15 minutes we finally got approached and then she told us to wait another 10 and during that other people walked in and she seated them right away(she must have forgotten about us).  we got seated and after looking at the menu.which had maybe 10 things on it we got up and left because the prices were way tooooo high and the drinks were even higher. DO NOT RECOMMEND AT ALL.
Don't order the pulled pork sandwich. It made me sick all night long and couldn't leave the hotel room all the next day, ruined my trip to Vegas
Came here for breakfast on my last Vegas trip. Had to wait because although the place was mostly empty they had no servers to take the tables. Food wasn't anything special. They serve the food on plastic plates and we were kind of rushed out. Once our meal was brought the check was put on our table and we had to track down the server in order to pay. I don't think I'll be back.
Bad food. Bad service. Bad drinks. I guess we caught our server on an off night, but the next day we ate here again after leaving the pool and the food was even worse than the night before.
I would only eat here if I was saving my own life - and even then I would be selective. This place is grungy and dirty, needs an overhaul or maybe take it out altogether?  The bartender needs to find a new gig. Slow, uncaring, not helpful. We went in for a mid-day drink (we were staying at TI)  - we had a 2 for 1 drink coupon which is a joke as they are so expensive anyways for what you get. My mom thought her marg was too sweet and did not drink it.  Mine was on the rocks so a little better - not much - but I felt like it was such a HUGE favor to ask our lovely bartender for extra ice. Why do I keep tipping for crap service? Check the bar out and how gross/filthy the in-bar slot machines are. You may want to go elsewhere for food and drink!
Eh. Checked it out because the boyfriend and I had a two-for-one drink coupon. We went about 8pm and there were a few families having a late dinner, a young couple having drinks and dinner, and absolutely no one in the bar area. The waiter was polite but frankly seemed embarrassed to give us the menu, which was laminated and full of drinks that contained "Kahunaville party rum" and/or Monster energy drink. The party rum comes in many flavors, so that's something, but all of them are sickly sweet.    When our coconut pineapple party rum Monster margaritas with extra sugar (or whatever we ordered) arrived, they were full of maraschino cherries and pipe cleaner palm trees and stuff. It went well with the laser light show and music, but I guess I just wasn't in the spirit.   The verdict: might be ideal for a bachelorette party, but probably best not to start your libations here, unless you are choosing it precisely because Margaritaville seems like it might be too classy.
Disappointment only because several sites listed this restaurant as THE place to eat for young children. We took our three kids there for lunch and we're disappointed to learn that the kid centric stuff doesn't begin until dinner. Otherwise it's just an overpriced restaurant with ok food. Wish someone had told us that the kid stuff doesn't begin until the evening.
Regular visitors to Treasure Island and we always got these coupons for Kahunaville, so we've always wanted to try it.  Then we see a groupon for $25 for 2 yard frozen daiquiri drinks.  We had a vegas trip planned for the next week so I bought it up right away.  Came to cash it in and the host was nice.  The bartender was super friendly!  It was great so far!  Got the Strawberry colada and a mango colada according to the bartender's recommendations.  It was a 5 star experience up until this point.  The drinks themselves...  Oh my god they were disgusting....  Like a thick sugary slush...  Even worse, they weren't even close to being strong.  I tried to just ignore the sugar and drank half the strawberry colada just because I wanted to get my buzz  (mango colada was so bad, we threw it away outright).  Nope.  It was so weak, just a sugary mess.  Worst part is my massive stomach ache shortly after.  Had to leave my video poker machine and go back to my room where I had a stomach ache for much of the night...  I couldn't even fall asleep because of all the sugar!  YARG!  Never again!  Price:  1 star  ($25 + tip) for 2 disgusting tasting frozen daiquiris?   Drinks:  -2 star  (threw away, BLEH) Service:  3 stars  (friendly but recommended a shitty drink)  Overall 1 star...  0 stars if your bartenders weren't pretty awesome.
June 23, 2013 Travel Zoo Deal $29 -- Treasure Island: 6 Drinks & Bartender Show, Half Off  Now don't get me wrong.....  The show was crazy good!  We did have some burgers for dinner and the food was good.  But....the frozen drinks that were served were so disgustingly sweet. Did I mention they were disgusting?? Disgusting.  After the show a DJ started the party and that's where things went downhill even quicker....there were a group of guys who were so stupidly drunk. I felt bad for them, not because they were acting stupid, but for the horrible barf-fest and hangover that were surely on the way from the sugary drinks.  And then there was the group of four Cougars, laying in wait for the drunk pups to come wondering over to their side of the jungle. What a horrific site, forever burned into my retinas...ugh!!! This gave dirty dancing a whole new low...and I mean low. I am still suffering from nightmares.  I know, I know...to each their own. But YECK!!!  Our food server...super nice! She even asked the manager if we could have wine instead of the diabetic-coma-induced-drinks. She succeeded!! Kudos to her :-)  Will NOT be back.
My husband & I were staying at TI and found ourselves looking for a "local" dinner spot before the Mystere Show.  We decided on Kahunaville, because it looked fun, and had immediate seating.  We were asked if we wanted a high or low table.  We asked for a low, which clearly was the wrong answer, as we were responded to with an eye roll and a huff before being seated.  I am a fan of frozen drinks, and the variety sounded yummy, so I ordered one of their signature drinks.  The cocktail arrived, and at first sip, I thought they must have forgotten to mix it, as all I had was a mouthful of coconut flavored syrup.  I stirred frantically and tried again...nope, more syrup.  The waitress came around to take our food order.  I told the waitress of issue with the drink, and she said "ya, I know."  I asked if there was something much less sweet, & she recommended the mojito, which I agreed to.  She then asked for our food order.  when I ordered a "cajun" seasoned pasta dish, I was informed that "most people your age don't like that because it's too spicy". Yes, clearly 40 is the new 80...love it!  But after assurances that I enjoyed spicy food, our orders went in.  When the waitress came back with my drink, one taste told me that, less sweet, was not something that they did, so I immediately gave up, ordered a diet Coke, & sent back the drink.    When our food arrived I was pleasantly surprised that it was really quite tasty (yes, my ancient palette survived the dreaded spice).  Both my husband and I enjoyed our meals.  As far as the show, asking for a low table in our case meant sitting at the service entrance which actually had a small wall between us and the stage, so the only floor show we got was an argument between a bartender and his wife/girlfriend.    With all of the wonderful dinner choices in Vegas, and even right there at TI, this will definitely be the place we skip next time we're in town.
Large portions, average food, and bad management.  The atmosphere is kind of cheap looking compared to all the other fine restaurants on the strip.  The dishes ranged from $18 to $30.   I was not impressed with this place, and will not go back due to the way my girlfriend was treated.  While I would give this place 2 stars (based on food quality/taste/price), my girlfriend would definitely give them ZERO stars.  Her steak, ordered medium rare, came out fully cooked and dry.  We were in a party of 12, and it took about 45 minutes for the server to bring out a new steak for her.  That steak was cooked "well" which really upset my friend.  Not only was everyone done eating, her steak was still overcooked.  The final straw was that the manager still charged her for her portion even though she didn't eat the second steak and it was not prepared as ordered. While the server was nice, I think it was wrong of management to charge her for her $28 steak when it was clearly overcooked a second time.
Poor customer service ruined an otherwise decent breakfast.
Kahunaville is just a typical tourist restaurant, ok food with an overpriced tag. The food is truly very mediocre and there is really nothing special to it. The service is just ok, everyone seems to be very busy and just running everywhere. However, I would recommend this place for quick drinks as they have a very pleasing atmosphere. Also at night time they open the dance floor and they usually have pretty decent music to dance to.
I'm staying at the TI (Treasure Island) and ventured down to Kahunaville for breakfast. The food actually wasn't bad. I had the Vegas Breakfast special which consisted of 3 eggs, choice of meat, potatoes and toast for $8.99. You a coupon for this special, but there are people all over the place passing out the coupon.   When I walked in I was told there was a 5 to 10 minute wait. It was 15 minutes and they ended up seating me at a table in the bar area. Normally I would be fine with that except I could see A LOT of open tables in the regular restaurant. The bar itself wasn't even open yet, so why were they seating people in the bar area when there were tons of open tables in the restaurant. Very puzzling.  The waitress was not attentive at all. She took my order and brought me my drink, but then someone else actually brought me my food. The waitress did come back to refill my soda, but did so without saying a word. Didn't ask how the food was or anything. Then she dropped off my check with my soda refill without asking if I wanted anything else. Basically what I am getting at here, is the service was absolutely horrible. But wait, it actually gets worse!  My check came to $12 and change (I don't remember the actual amount). I paid  with a $20 and she brought me back an even $7. She just kept the coin change. It was only like a quarter or something small, so it wasn't a big deal except it's just very rude and possibly illegal.  So rating only the food I would give it 3 1/2 stars cause the food was good enough and the price for the Vegas Breakfast special was good (especially when compared to other food places in the TI), but the rating for service is a negative 2 and that might be generous.  There are a lot of other places to eat, so I doubt seriously that I will be back.
Too many other better places to go.  My friend arranged a group dinner for 30 people and only 26 people came, but they INSISTED we pay for the 4 entrees because she had agreed to it in an email.  A very long email with lots of small print--the salesperson should have ensured that she saw it.  Even so, the manager was an obnoxious twit. It appeared as though he thought if you attached "ma'am" to the end of your sentence you could say anything and still be considered polite.  Wrong.  When we informed him that he didn't have to worry about the servers; that we would tip them on the full 30 entrees he said "I'm not worried about the servers, I'm worried about the company".  Charming. He must be great to work for.  A positive note**the bartender up front by the door made excellent mojitos. However, when we ordered them at the table they came with sprite or club soda or something in them.  The server was a little put out about me asking for a replacement.  Then she said she could only replace mine as the others had already taken too many sips.  Anyway, finally another manager comes by and says that we don't have to pay for the other 4 entrees...so it would seem as though the first manager just wanted to prove a point.  THEN; the food was just so-so.  All of the hassle would have been worth it (maybe) if we had gotten a spectacular dish but all the meals were very forgettable.  We were celebrating some friends' 50th birthday and the manager's loathsome behavior really put a damper on the evening.  There are just too many choices of dining spots to ever pick this one.  Oh, and I told the manager that I had been in food service for years and was it really worth the price of 4 entrees to have 26 dissatisfied customers; especially with sites like Yelp* out there?  His response: even 5 star restaurants get bad reviews.     Yeah, but their food is good.
My girlfriends and I came here because it was in our hotel they gave us a coupon for BOGO free. Now I know why! Worst food and service ever. Our waitress took forever, and our food was pretty horrible. The battered rock shrimp appetizer tasted like it sat out too long and was soggy and salty, it was really gross. I only took one bite of it. The pasta and stir fry were mediocre, but due to the extremely SLOW service I'll never come back again.
Nice enough waters and the 2 for 1 coupons they hand out for the yard drink is a pretty good deal. $25 for two of those which includes an additional 3 shots.  I didn't have the best experience with the food here though. Ordered the steak and shrimp. Asked for medium rare and it looked rare. Meat was tough and I could barely cut much less chew through it. I swallowed a few cuts whole until I decided to cut it down to real small pieces. The shrimp was way better. Mashed potatoes were decent.  On the plus side, they were giving out free shots at the bar after the fight so there's that I guess.
I bought a voucher for the cocktail show and 6 drinks.  We went to the restaurant several days before our intended visit (Halloween) to make sure it wasn't considered a holiday and thus exempting the use of the coupon.  The hostess was very blas and wouldn't give a straight answer, saying it all depended on the manager, but she didn't think it would be a problem.  I asked what time the shows were and she said 8:30 and 11:30.  We returned Halloween night (Thursday), just before 8:30 and were told that the shows were only on Friday and Saturday.  So, we got no show and 6 "$9.00" drinks that I would not have paid more than $5 for.  There were three choices-Strawberrry Daiquiri, Margarita and Pina Colada, about 12 oz each.  The bartender was nice.  The hostess should have told us there were no shows Sun-Thurs.  The drinks were mediocre.
I live in town, & had a couple of friends come into town, they were staying at Treasure Island. We thought this restaurant had a nice menu.. But, we waited for atleast 5 minutes at our table without even having the server come over and take our drink order. Then we noticed 2 other tables that had been waiting longer than us. So we just got up & went to eat somewhere else! I will never return.
Ugh.  I like good food.  I love good service.  This place provided neither, unfortunately.  The food was average at best.  We had the breakfast burrito, and the guac and salsa were both clearly straight from the grocery store.  The coffee tasted like poorly made Maxwell House, and the oj definitely wasn't fresh squeezed.  The service took forever, and it wasn't worth the wait.  Maybe this stuff is better when you're either drunk or hungover?  When totally sober, you should definitely opt for something else.  Even just sticking with Starbucks would have been a much safer option (and cheaper, too!).
This is a fun place to go because of the drinks and how they are prepared but this is not a place I would recommend for (sober) eating.  I ordered the bbq rib and chicken combo which came with their own version of a coleslaw.   The ribs were ok. They kind of fell off the bone but the sauce was a miss. As for the chicken it was very dry and smothered un that awful bbq sauce. Coleslaw was average and lacking flavor.  As for the drinks they were made by our server and we were thankful they were strong but they tasted awful.  I would recommend this place for the bartenders performance and the occasional drink specials but eat at your own risk.
This is a review for breakfast at Kahunaville.  My parents and I ate at three places in Treasure Island when we stayed there last week. All were not very good, and this place is no exception.  The service at Kahunaville was not great. We waited a long time to order and a long time for our food. Breakfast is so simple. It's ridiculous that it would take such an inordinate amount of time to get scrambled eggs.   My parents had already ordered and were eating by the time I arrived at the restaurant, so I had some of their food before I ordered. The scrambled eggs, hash browns, and bacon I tried were no better than what you get at Denny's. It is worth noting that the portions are very large at Kahunaville. My parents shared a meal, and it was plenty of food.  I decided to try the fruit platter. It was definitely an experience. My fruit platter had a whole banana, 1/4 of a pineapple, 5 strawberries, lots of honeydew melon and cantaloupe, grapes, orange slices, more pineapple, and a yogurt dipping sauce. All of the fruit was ripe and tasty. However, there was an unexpected and unpleasant surprise in the dish. They drizzled a liberal amount of some liqueur over the fruit. Why??? The fruit was fine on its own. Who wants to taste alcohol when it's not in an amount appreciable enough to get you buzzed? I feel like they should have at least mentioned that on the menu.   I'm not sure how this place is for other meals, but I'm not inclined to give it another chance.
We had one thing in mind when we entered Kahunaville, drinks. I had some expired Travelzoo vouchers and I was pleased with how easy it was to use them for the price I paid, not always the case. The drinks and service, however, left something to be desired.  Part of this was our fault, we were not really feeling the crazy, fruity, enormous cocktails. But I had heard their bartenders had won awards and such, so I figured a basic Manhattan would not be a problem. I was wrong. It wasn't disgusting, but it took some work to get it down. After that, we switched to frozen margaritas, which were far better. I would have gone with 3 stars, but the service was just plain bad. We were sitting at the bar, but were often forgotten and the time between drinks was just not OK. We likely would have had another drink or two in the same amount of time had we been given the chance. But we had somewhere to be, so we left with only a mild buzz and feeling pretty happy to get out of there.   Under different circumstances, like a drunken bar crawl, I'm sure I might have had more fun. Fairly certain I will not come here again.
I think Yelp is quite nice to some places to allow one star as a minimum.   We went here for breakfast to use use our voucher. To be brief, do not go here. The service is awful. For the amount of food you get it is quite expensive. You will be charged more than $2 for every cup of coffee.   The restaurant is not nice with uncomfortable seating. To some extent dirty. Not recommended at all.
This is the 3rd time Ive been to this restaurant in Vegas and would always try to eat here when visiting.  Not anymore. We were seated on a Friday night (reservations for 830pm/ 2 people) the first place we went after arriving to the hotel. We had a groupon and were seated in the back room with a bunch of other tables at a table for 6 people (that was weird) by a sweet hostess. The waiter came by (older man -name began with an 'A'. Strong accent) - asked if we wanted water and then went and got it. When he came back to ask what we wanted - he saw our 'coupon' (his words) showed us which items we could order from and then left the table (so far so good right?) When 'A" came back, he took our order and our Groupon and walked away. :( The Groupon included, non alcoholic drinks, salad and a meal for 2. He never asked what we wanted on our salad for dressing and it took almost 25 minutes to get out meal.  In fact, I never once saw him come back out of the kitchen (yes, alas we were right in front of its entrance) no idea WHERE he went. when I went to see the hostess to ask what was going on- she acted as if I may not have been the only one wondering 'what happened to :"A" and ran back into the kitchen to find out where our meal was and where our salads were. Low and behold it came right out-SANS SALAD. When we called him on this he was very apologetic but brought us the salad AFTER dinner. The Hostess has also mentioned she told the Manager on duty and that 'she would be by'. She never came by. We went by the next day and I made it a point to tell THAT manager what had happened. Was not a great first impression of Treasure Island and its restaurants. She did offer us lunch at the place that day ( we had already eaten) but still. I dont think Ill go here again- even if the food is pretty yummy.
came here with a groupon for 2 (2 drinks, 2 salads, 2 entrees). pretty average restaurant/bar.  for my entree, i got the bang bang shrimp (shrimp, bacon and veggies served over rice and some sort of "spicy" curry-like sauce). the dish was basically mostly rice and a few shrimp and bits of bacon and veggies, and there was hardly any kick to the spice. the taste was still pretty good, just not really worth the price.
Too bad we weren't 21, because you need alcohol to make this place okay. The appetizer did not have a volcano as described and the meat in it was dry. The crab cake seemed old and left an oily taste in our mouths. If we ever do come back here when we are in Vegas, it will be strictly to try their drinks.
After a long day at a trade show, our group decided to hit this place only because we were staying in Treasure Island.  The wait for our server to just order drinks took about 10 minutes.  On the menu it said to ask our server what the draft beers were.  I was so excited to see what unknown craft beer I might try.  Unfortunately, it was not to be. The only beer they had on draft is...... Bud Light. Yes. Bud Light.  For my meal, I ordered the Ahi Tuna Salad.  What arrived was an enormous bowl of mostly cabbage with a few leaves of spring salad buried beneath the cabbage and 4 pieces of tuna on top.  If I wanted coleslaw, I would have ordered coleslaw.  Just yuck.    There are way too many other places in Vegas to waste your time here.
We came to watch a UFC fight here while in Vegas the last time. We had sadly already eaten dinner, not realizing that the fight started at 7:00pm PST (usually we're thinking 10:00pm EST and forgot about the time change).  It was a Saturday night though, and we were interested in going to a bar, relaxing wtih some drinks and having a good time for several hours.  The waitress told us that to sit and watch the fight it was a $25pp minimum food spend.  I explained that we just ate, and there was no way that we would eat $25 of food each, but could we order drinks and appetizers?  We would definitely spend over $50 total.  She spoke to the manager, who put her foot down and said - no, that we needed to spend $25pp on food, if not, we would just be charged the $25.  (this after we had already started ordering)  This policy made no sense.  As a restaurant/bar they make more money on the booze than food ($12 drink with $4 worth of alcohol)....Instead of saying $25pp food minimum spend, why not say $25pp minimum spend on anything - or a flat cover charge of $15?  They would come out better overall doing either of those... Other bars that we've seen UFC events at charge a cover charge - and have a big room set aside for people watching the fight.   As a side note, people who said they were not watching the fight were still seated in areas where they could see it.  I wonder if they were charged the same?  Anyways, so we ordered 2 dinner platters to go (since we would be charged anyways), and then ordered drinks.  The mixed drinks were truly terrible.  Lowest quality alcohol mixed with random sweet syrupy mess.  One of my drinks so was strong that I couldn't even drink it.  I had to go get more soda to water it down.    Service was extremely slow.  At one point I choked on a tortilla chip and needed some water (we never received glasses of water) - so I had to walk all the way to the front of the restaurant to ask for some!  (the restaurant is quite deep so this took some time!)  Waitress was completely absent.  It was a very busy night for them, I'm sure, but management needs to have more people working the tables to make sure people are happy.  We probably would have ordered more drinks if a waitress would've been there to ask if we wanted any!  They advertise having great bartenders who do tricks and whatnot, but I never saw one - and the drinks I ordered were not made by competant bartenders.   Overall they just seemed completely disorganized in regards to handling a UFC event.    2 stars simply for the fact that we got a table near a tv screen, the food ended up being edible, and because it wasn't over $100 per person.  "Meh I've had better" (2 stars) describes my feelings perfectly.
VERY disappointing - Not only were the drinks and food terrible, we both were sick before we got back to our hotel.   The Deal - We had purchased a Groupon for $28.99 which included two appetizers and four cocktails up to $9.99 for each item. This would have been a good value if the quality of the drinks, food, and service had been average.  Adding an automatic 18% gratuity was insulting and really made this meal a total failure. Our server explained that we had the option of ordering any appetizers or cocktails and paying the difference between the price and the $9.99 Groupon limit, per item.   Drinks - For drinks I ordered a dirty martini and my date ordered a Blue Iguana. The martini was undrinkable and it takes a lot to screw up vodka and olive juice. Literally, it was room temperature vodka and olive juice poured in a plastic martini glass. This martini had never been introduced to ice and tasted terrible. The Blue Iguana was sickenly sweet and without the hint of alcohol.   This was the first time in my life that I returned drinks. We asked if we could substitute bottled beers for the drinks because we definitely did not want another cocktail from that bar. The bottled beers were cool, but not cold enough for condensation to form on the bottle. No glasses were provided. Essentially, we substituted warm bottled beers for what should have been cocktails.  Food - We upgraded our order to the sampler and a large shrimp cocktail. In fairness, the shrimp cocktail was okay. The sampler included two greasy, mushy spring rolls of some sort; two very greasy coconut shrimp; two or three bites of skewered chicken, three or four chicken wings, some BBQ ribs, a lot of tasteless, multi-colored corn chips; and, a large empty coconut shell. The ribs were average and everything else on this tray was much below average. Nothing on this plate was prepared fresh and my guess is that the temperature of the food was generated in a microwave.   The decor is plastic and cheesy. The manager, bartenders, and staff were absolutely uninterested.
The food was OK but the service was horrible. They couldn't get our bills right and charged us for items that we didn't order. We won't be eating there again.
Ok, so I know it is hard finding a decent place to eat that isn't an arm and a leg on the strip, but......this isn't that place.   I had a living social voucher and I still left disappointed! The presentation of the food was cute; chinese stir fry came in a tipped over chinese food box. But the flavor was lacking big time, I didn't even get half way thru my dish and I don't play when it comes to food!   We also had a voucher for drinks, which also sucked! They  only let us choose from the frozen drinks that were basically just icees with a hint of rum. We didn't get buzzed, just stomach aches and brain freeze!! Go somewhere else!
This is for the bar area only. I hate to rate this so low because the employees are friendly and nice here, but the drinks and dead atmosphere we experienced  forced this rating.  We arrived here about 10pm  and the place was completely dead and never improved. We did not eat any food. We had 12 coupons from travelzoo for drinks. The drink options are limited to frozen only and three sugary tasting choices when you use the coupons. These mixes provided awesome brain freezes, great stomach aches, and zero buzz! They are probably 20 ounces of icy mixture and 1 1/2 ounces of alcohol. AVOID!!! The guys dealing you the drinks are great though and the show they put on is fun. We did get a few free shots out of that. The oxygen bar is AWESOME and would get 5 stars if I could separate it on here. Strong drinks, cute staff, good experience there.  I will not venture my bald self in here again, but if one is stuck coming here please do yourself a favor and order mixed drinks or beer and your experience should be better than ours.
Came here late late night after stumbling over on the tram from the Mirage. The music was so loud (dang it I sound old), the interior was messy, and the bar service was slow. The bartender shoved lemons in our coronas, and the only genre of music was Latin/ Spanish music. I would not come back.
Bought a groupon and went with my boyfriend. Food was ok, pretty greasy and over priced, But we were on the strip, so everything is a bit more expensive. The live music was pretty cool.   Got the bill and noticed they magically added an 18% gratuity for a party of 2 :/  Asked the manager about it and he told me that "the type of people who use Groupon  are cheap and don't tip well so we decided to just add gratuity."  I believe if the food and service are good, I will leave a tip accordingly. If you don't like 'cheap' people then stop serving mediocre food and maybe you should stop using offering discounts.  I will not be returning ANY time soon. With or without a groupon.
Had the crab cakes. .  Mistake. .  Dry,  not much flavor. . Worse,  the rice and plantains were baked to the point that it was a dry lump with burned wood flavor
This review is mainly about the yard drinks that they offer. It was my first time in Vegas and I have now learned my lesson to NEVER take a coupon from a kahunaville employee when roaming around treasure islands casino area. It was a 2 for 25 deal so my boyfriend and I figured we give it a shot because the yard we had at Fat Tuesdays was fantastic (I recommend that place lol)! We were wrong! The entire drink was a waste! It was NOT BLENDED AT ALL. That is why I am writing this review. I was very unhappy for wasting alcohol but then again it was only $25 bucks....   But I don't understand why people use groupon to eat here... I thought the place smelt like garbage, well by the bar area.
Very bad experience last nite there, please take of your belongings while at this place. My big size drink got disappeared in couple of moments when I was dancing  with my wife. They have so called security and staff but to yell on us.
closed
Remember that scene in Elf when he pours syrup on spaghetti?  Rumbi serves the same thing-- except with teriyaki sauce. Everything is bland served with teriyaki sauce and a pineapple... because THAT makes everything taste better.  The chicken looked like it was pre-cooked and the grill marks were drawn on. The salad was nothing special. The decor, makes me want a Mai Tai, which I wished they served. Instead, they had a large assortment of Mexican bottled sodas.   One star because , it was still edible. But-- shit is edible but you shouldn't do it. With better food choices nearby, why Rumbi?
The Rumbi Island Grill restaurant is no longer open at the 4280 E Indian School Rd location.
Good, but dirty.  It was very small and it was quite dirty looking inside.  I love Jamaican food - but this wasn't clean.  Want good Jamaican food?  Go to another city.
4 stars for the flavorful Jerked chicken, veggies, and beans over rice (see photo above, taken sometime in May '08).    2-star deduction caused by my witnessing a young adult male, dressed in athletic clothes, who reeked of body odor, enter the front entrance and then proceeded to enter the kitchen area to grab food for him and his companions.  As if it wasn't enough I had to bat flies away from my table.   (But then again, for a certain number of weeks out of a year, it's hard to keep flies away ANYWHERE.  Just visit the EDR where I work!)  I shall NOT return!
out of business
Chef went to Jail. Restauranr out of business.
Firstly, this was the worst customer experience I have had at a restaurant.  When my two friends and I sat down with the menu, the owner of the restaurant asked us to "Hurry up because there were other customers waiting for them."   She then proceeded to tell us that the menu wasn't that complicated for us to make a decision.    Secondly, the chicken curry had no meat it was only bones.  Also with the jerk chicken and curry the coconut rice was cold.  Speaking of the rice, I noticed that I couldn't taste the coconut in it.  So, I asked if there was coconut or if perhaps I got another type of rice.  The owner proceeded to say,  "If you didn't want coconut rice then I should have said something."  That wasn't my point.  I was just inquiring about what's in the food.  Lastly, my friend collected our cash money and placed her credit card in the cover to pay the bill.  They charged my friend's card with the entire cost of the meal and kept the cash as a tip. I don't know about you, but who gives a tip that is two-thirds the cost of the meal?  When my friend went to the owner "again" (the waitress had skipped out and we were left with the owner to confront), she said, "How was the waitress supposed to know?  You didn't say anything."  We left immediately vowing to never return, until the owner has a change of heart.
........I think this place is closed now. Sad, this was my main hangout after First Friday. :(  I fell in love with the ridiculously homey atmosphere of the place. I really liked their smoothies, but unfortunately I never got anything besides the quintessential meat pie.   MMMMMM....Jamaican meat pies.
Maybe I had a bad experience here because I don't understand why previous yelpers found this place to be noteworthy. It was loud - I guess it doesn't help to be literally surrounded by screaming infants with their mothers who lunch...and let their 2-4 year olds run around.  I just didn't know what to say...but I think the canned chicken in my jamaican jerk caesar says it all. Canned chicken?! If it was grilled, it could have fooled me. I've had canned chicken once in my life and that was when we went camping. I will never forget the taste or the texture...and I found it sitting on my salad. Yuck.  Hubby had the Luau Pork rice bowl. I could tell by the look on his face he wasn't too thrilled with it. Further evidence was him pushing his food away after ten minutes of attempting to eat it.  I guess I expect too much when restaurants claim it's Island food. My father is a complete island boy, right out of Kauai and I've been fortunate enough to have lived on the islands while growing up and baby, this place is truly a repulsive rip off.
Um. What did I miss?  They have such great reviews but my experience was just "meh".  I provably should have known better then to order entre seafood at a fast food type place, but the picture was really appetizing!  Volcano blackened mahi. Waaaaay too salty. Had to scrape off most of it. The fish underneath was OK fresh. Not ocean fresh, but Arizona fresh. :-)  I had veggies that I thought would be steamed but were definitely stir fried. Also OK fresh.  The biggest let down of this was the "mango cheesecake".  I was expecting some kind of mango inside the cheesecake, but, alas, it was just plain old cheesecake with.... get this... "mango puree" on the side. It was a thimble full of mango juice. And fake mango juice at that.  *sigh*  I would eat here again, but I will definitely lower the bar before I do.
Salty Salty Salty and bland.  Not to mention, watching the employee eat out in the dining room, while obviously oogling at women as they walked by was a big thumbs down.  How tasteless.
Usually love this place. Today I placed my order and it arrived at my table wrong. I politely asked that they fix it so they took it back to the kitchen, removed the mistake by hand, stirred the plate around a little bit and brought it back to me. I'm sorry that YOUR mistake could cut into your margins but that's not my fault. Next time if YOU screw up, please properly fix YOUR mistake!  P.s. $10 for a teriyaki bowl is too pricey!
I've never been to a restaurant where I spit the food back out. What I bought was a terriyaki chicken bowl with rice and noodles with veggies. It tasted like a boxed microwave diet dinner. Cubed chicken, frozen veggies, spaghetti noodles from a box id buy at the store, and sauce I could make ten times better in my own home. If a place can mess up such an easy dish, then it's poor quality. There's nothing Hawaiian about this place. The customer service was nice, but that's about it.  Go to jack in the box for their terriyaki bowl to save money.
So I got a salad from here just now, and I ordered shrimp on the Caribbean Salad. Got my salad to-go and paid and extra $1.50 for the shrimp, get home to eat my salad and there are 7 tiny little pieces of dried out, over cooked shrimp. Why did I pay extra for that?!? Sucks too, because before this incident I really liked this place.
Ok, disclaimer- this review is based on one visit, but since I don't think there will be another one, I'll review it anyway.   The location-I didn't find the location *quite* as bad as I had expected, but it's not  really set up for outdoor dining.  There were 5 tables outside, three on the little strip between the sidewalk and the street, and two on a raised concrete 'porch' next to the stairs down to the restaurant.  That's not so bad, until you add in no fewer than 40 stacked plastic and metal chairs ALSO on the little porch thing, which completely obliterated any view we might have had.  Seriously, there is NO WHERE for these chairs to go- no side patio, no room inside.  A mystery to be sure.   On to the service- we were served by two people, and actually, while it was a slower pace, they did a good enough job of getting drink orders, refilling water and clearing plates.  Nothing to complain about there!  The food-  the lunch menu is extraordinarily small, and I guess I was surprised by the lack of Caribbean influence on the food.  The two main entrees were Tico Tacos and a Tico Burrito.  My bff ordered the Tico Tacos, which were two tacos served on soft corn tortillas- she ordered tilapia, and I do think there were a couple of specks of fish under the enormous pile of lettuce.  Regretting ordering such a skimpy dish, bff asked for a bit of rice to add to the tacos.  It was provided promptly.  I ordered the chicken Tico Burrito, which was...surprise..a chicken burrito.  Not bad, but if I had been wearing socks, they would have remained firmly in place.  The green jalapeno-based sauce, when generously applied to the burrito, did add some much-needed character.    The bill- with one drink each ($7.00 each for a mojito!!) the bill came to just under $37.00.  A little further scrutiny revealed a charge of $3.75 for the rice bff requested to fill out her tacos, bringing the total charge for two tilapia tacos to $11.25.    The resolution- when I brought the charge of $3.75 for rice to the server's attention, the initial response was 'huh- that's how it rings up'.  Fortunately, there was another woman working in the restaurant who overheard my question and removed the charge.  The analysis- not sure I'd go back again, and would have given it one star, except for the fact that the problem with the bill was rectified without too much hassle.
I was staying in the hostel just next door and was too exhausted after my red eye to walk to find food.  So I found myself at Cafe Costa Rica, excited about the menu options and some good reviews from fellow Yelpers.  My review is based on the service alone because...  I ordered appetizers, a smoothie, and a salad (yes, all just for me, it was a long day of travel).  After taking my order, the waitress never came back again to check in and averted eye contact for OVER 45 minutes!  When I asked her if my food was coming (45 minutes later), she said she didn't know but she thought it would take 10 more minutes.  She said "We're short a cook and everyone's mad at me", while it's definitely not her fault they were short a cook, she could have easily checked in with me and brought something you didn't have to cook (like perhaps my smoothie?!?!).  I would have loved to not waste an hour of my time at this place when it was an easy walk to several joints nearby.  I told her I would need to cancel my order if the food did not come soon.  She offered me nothing.  I walked away, never to return.
Oh Cafe Costa Rica.  Your food is darn good but your service is horrendous, and the prices are way too expensive for the food you get.  The food is bright, flavorful, and tasty.....but $20 for roasted pork (a cheap cut of meat), veggies, and rice?!!!  These are inexpensive ingredients that shouldn't have such inflated prices.  This could almost be forgiven if the service wasn't so awful.  It's been slow before, but it's ok if you're sipping on a yummy mojito or mango margarita.  But when we went last week, it was just plain ridiculous.  We waited for an hour before we even got our drink.  The waitress was all flustered and constantly apologizing to everyone.  We weren't even "allowed" to put in our food order for a while and had to be satisfied with appetizers.  This wasn't unique to our table, everyone else had the same issues, particularly a poor, confused couple who was visiting for the first time.  Finally, two guys left after their drink order was wrong--they ordered two gin and tonics and got two RUM AND TONICS, UGH!  Two hours later.....we go to check in on our order and it hadn't even been submitted to the kitchen!!!  Somehow it got lost in the chaos.  Suffice it to say, we left and get our dinner compted.  I love this style of food, particularly in the warm summer, but they really need to get their front and back of house more organized and try and keep their prices under control.  For the same amount of money,  I could go across the street to Restaurant Muramoto and get an exquisite meal that would cost a lot more in Chicago or NYC.
I really wanted to like Cafe Costa Rica.  I've been hearing good things about it for years, and when we were looking for a new place to try between a two hour break between film festival screenings, we decided to stop in.  I wish we hadn't.  The restaurant is in the basement of a youth hostel.  It is a small space with about half a dozen tables, low ceilings, and delicious smells eminating from the kitchen.  We were seated at a tiny table in the corner.  I sat with my chair slightly blocking the bathroom door.     We ordered two drinks, a dark and stormy (strong and tasty) and a ginger punch (overly sweet, but not bad).  We had two empanadas to start, which arrived hot out of the fryer after a half an hour wait.  They were very greasy and garnished with a great deal of chopped cilantro.  The flavors were a bit bland.    After another half hour wait, our entrees arrived.  I had roast pork with beans and rice.  It could have used something like an extra tortilla to soak up the watery juices from the pork, but was otherwise  unobjectionable.  It could have used some salt, but there was no shaker on the table, and we were never able to summon the server back to ask for one.  My partner had a steak burrito, which was fairly bland and filled with a bitter sauce (mole?).  For the same price he could have had two burritos from Chipotle and finished dinner without worrying about missing our movie.  We spent about $50 for two drinks, two empanadas, a burrito, and a bit of braised pork and beans and rice.  It wasn't worth it.  I would recommend this place if you have deep pockets, three hours, and really good company.  And don't mind sitting in a stiflingly hot room.
In a word, gross.  I will say I probably wouldn't love most Costa Rican food to begin with, but with an open mind and good chef, I would have liked something. I have had a smoothie here once before and it was good.  The second time, the fruit smoothie had stems and leaves in it.  Not one, but many.  I could hardly drink it.  The food is covered in cilantro, could only imagine a cilantro fanatic enjoying that.  The pork chop was extremely tough.  Tilapia was fishy.  Service was bad.  Add a few drinks and our bill for 2 was $50.  This was my worst meal in Madison.  I gave 2 stars because I didn't complain so I'm not sure if they would have rectified it.
I want to really like this place, I do and the food is pretty good, when it finally arrives.  But man they need to get a better training system in place.    Had dinner solo on 8.10 and sat down outside with no one else around.  While inside speaking with the hostess I noticed cash or check, no problem..I walked across the street and paid my 1.50 to get some cash.  No big deal.    I had the wings, pretty good, the sauces they brought out made them much better and a lemonade, also pretty good.  After this, everything slowed down and the place started to get busy.  I ordered the pork w/ beans and rice.  After multiple apologies from the server and me saying it is ok, i'm not in a hurry and listening to the other server explain to other guests about a wedding and a food donation, then a big spill in the kitchen, I was growing tired of excuses.  I get it, you're busy.  Now lets get it done.    Finally, after a solid wait, my food showed up, still no problem from me.  The beans were the best thing on the plate.  The sauces again made the pork much better.  The salad was tasty but done with iceberg lettuce.  The waitress asked if I wanted dessert and I said probably not and to please bring the check as I was stuffed.   A few mins later I decided to have a Costa Rican Coffee.  This was the kiss of death.  It took 10+ mins for the coffee and it was very milky and very sweet.  To be fair, I didn't know what i was getting, but was picturing something similar to a cuban.  Perhaps this is the way it is supposed to be but I didn't taste any coffee and it was incredibly sweet.    Here is where I finally lost patience.  I put $40 cash in on a $31 check and the waitress asked if I wanted change.  I get you're busy and yes I too have spent time waiting tables.  A statement if you are fishing for the "do you want change answer" is I'll be right back with your change.    My change comes back and I am 1/2 way done my coffee and the waitress says, "not to rush you but there are two folks waiting on this table".  Really?  Really?!  I've been waiting for how long on coffee and a check and now you are rushing me?  I've been patient as I've waited and listen to you apologize over and over again for being slow, and now you want me out of here?  Instead of leaving $7 for the tip, which is over 20% I leave $6.    I don't like writing a bad review on a local joint, I don't.  But if you read the reviews the feelings are that the service is poor and the food is ok and the prices are high. The service was poor, the food was good to pretty good and the prices were a touch high but not to bad.  Poor service is a reflection of leadership and training.  If mediocrity is ok for you, then fine, but if you want to excel, then someone needs to lead this crew.    As for the food, the sauces made it.  Maybe I'll go again, but it won't be anytime soon.
This place is alright, but it's not worth going out of your way to go there.  The one time I went there, it was a not very busy Saturday and it took awhile for us to get our food because of both how slow the order was made and also due to our server, who managed to perform an extremely confusing mixup with our food.  Everything I had tasted decent, and the special sauce was pretty good, but at the same time it wasn't amazing.  This would be fine normally, but the prices here are significantly higher compared to places with similar quality food.  Most entrees here are over $15 and they really feel like they should be like $5 less.  This is even worse for vegetarians, because you have to pay extra in order to substitute tofu into dishes, which is an anomaly for anything on Willy Street.  Finally, the setting is somewhat odd, as it's in a house, and I remember the chairs at the table we were at being somewhat sticky.  Bottom line:  Take average food, then add slower than average service, higher than average prices, all within a weirder than average building and you get a restaurant that's not quite unbearable, but definitely not worth a trip.
As a Madison resident for just shy of a year, my partner and I have been tasting our way through various restaurants and pubs, particularly in the Willy St. area. This was our first visit to Cafe Costa Rica and will be our very last.  The service was insanely slow, my drink order was incorrect, and the food was bland and cold. Another couple walked out without placing a food order after nearly an hour waiting for their drinks to arrive. In the restaurant's defense, there appeared to only be one server working, but if you can't handle five tables, you might consider a new profession.  We were looking to try out a new neighborhood place and enjoy the outdoor seating, but we should have noticed red flags when the place was practically empty while neighboring places (jolly bob's and weary traveler) were packed. We're all about supporting our local businesses but we will never throw away 50 bucks at this place again.
As other reviewers have stated, the service is atrociously slow. On a Saturday night, we walked in the dining room and no one was at the hostess stand. We hang around for about five minutes before a server walks in and sees us standing there. He hands us menus and silverware, tells us to sit wherever we like, and also to grab the two bottles of sauce hanging out on a table. Needless to say, this new and innovative way of seating customers did not really win points from me.   Another good 10 minutes rolls by before a different server comes out to ask us if we'd like anything to drink. I would like to note that there were a total of six tables that were seated, both inside and out, with two servers working. Our server starts telling us about the history of the restaurant. I think this is something that you should print on your menu or have on a sign in the restaurant, not something you make your server recite to every table. We'd like to hear about tonight's specials, please. Also, in case you missed it, there are signs everywhere that say cash or local check only. I asked the server what the Costa Rican coffee was. She had no idea. Maybe now would be a good time to learn? We place our order for a rum smoothie, the curry chicken, and pulled pork. It took about 15 minutes for them to make that drink, and then another 30 minutes to make our food, despite several reassurances from our server that our food would be out "shortly."   The curry chicken was pretty disappointing. As another reviewer mentioned, there was an overabundance of chicken broth soaking everything on the plate. The greens on the plate were basically just shredded iceberg with some pico on top. The chicken was bland and needed heavy application of the sauce (which we had to snag from a recently departed table, as the waitstaff were too busy doing whatever). The single fried plantain was nice though.  We had to flag our server down for the check, and go inside to hand it to them. She asks if I want change. Um...yes? Service 101: never ask the customer if they want change; always make change.   Food: It was ok. Service: Absolutely terrible.
The "vegan Jamaican" food was embarrassing. Also, guys, you need to use salt. Sorry.
The first time I went it was on a Friday evening.  The small place was filled but they only had one waitstaff on duty and it took us an hour and 15mins to get food.  That TOTALLY sucked!  Yesterday went back and the place was empty and we were served immediately.  The first time I ordered the Jerk Chicken and it was barely seasoned.  Yesterday we ordered the Jerk Shrimp and the Jerk sauce was HOT and tasty but the shrimp was over cooked.  The sticks of bread are AWESOME (and kinda sweet) and so are the sodas that they serve (they are Jamaican and made with real sugar cane)!   I'll be back but I had much higher hopes.
Dear Breadfruit,   We became acquainted on the internet, like so many relationships these days do, and I must admit that I became fascinated with you quickly. Your menu sang to me with so many tasty words, and your location couldn't be better.   We finally met last night, and I am disappointed. While you have a very cheery atmosphere and wonderful staff, your food just didn't woo me at all. The fish was overcooked- burned on the ends,even- and left me unsatisfied. The slaw looked promising, but proved to be nearly impossible to eat. (you try picking up long strings of cabbage and bean sprouts. Just see what happens.) And the breadstick? Oy. The taste of it was fantastic, but it was so overdone that I thought for a second that I might have to send you a dentist's bill if I finished it.   My dining companion was enamored with your curry tofu. Sadly, the one bite of his tofu ended up being the highlight of my meal. Sigh.   I wish that things had turned out better, Breadfruit, because I really wanted to like you. But, when visiting you leaves me hungry for the hole in the wall Caribbean place on Camelback and 35th Ave, I know that it just isn't going to work out.   Good luck to you.   PS...did a midget design your bathroom? I had no idea they even made sinks that small.
I made plans for lunch with one of my Republic friends and we decided to give Breadfruit a try. I had read mixed reviews, but figured they had worked all of the kinks out by now. My take? The food was fresh but not savory or super-tasty. I started with the plantain avocado spring roll. The chutney was delicious and saved the dish. Without it? I probably wouldn't have bothered. My entree was the jerk chicken. Overall, there was a good amount of heat with no depth of flavor. My friend ordered the jerk shrimp and wasn't impressed. She even complained that the slaw was under-seasoned and bland. Overall, it's one of those things...I guess it's hard to keep things seasoned and juicy when you have a big lunch rush. Plus, the restaurant was really warm, temperature-wise. It's a small space with the kitchen just off the dining area, so it might have been radiating from there.   There are several vegetarian and vegan options on the menu, which is a plus. I will definitely be back for another try--possibly to try the curried tofu.
It has been a while since we've tried somewhere new in downtown. In all honesty, it is difficult to try new places when all of the new places are only open for lunch and I don't get home until 4pm. That is why we were pleased to see a new place, right down the street, opening up and actually staying open until 8.  The Breadfruit is the work of Dwayne Allen. As far as I can tell, he is a nobody in the restaurant scene which is a nice change of pace for some of the places that are going in downtown. The space is quite inviting. Small open lofty area for dining with seating for about 24 people inside. Bright green walls and faux-brick interior brightened the area up and contrasted the exposed ducts. I felt like I was at home. There were two tables set up outside as well providing an inviting option in the cooler months but the local foot traffic was a little sketch.  The menu is different. There are words that you recognize surrounded by words that you don't making ordering a bit difficult. Most likely, you will go with the word you know and order based on that. My party seemed to have done just that.  After a lengthy wait to place and receive our order, our table was full of food.  Plantain avocado spring roll with seasonal chutney - this overpriced appetizer was a terrible mess of mushy vegetables warmed inside a pastry and layered with mashed mandarin oranges. The group enjoyed; I was less than impressed and greatly disgusted at the contrast of hot and cold on the plate.  Escovitch Fish and Festival - Friend got this. She seemed to enjoy it, not finding it to be nearly as spicy as it was made out to seem. The fish seemed like it was cooked well and the escovitch sause was excellent.  Brown Stew Chicken - Friend got this. He seemed to find it to be skimpy. Compared to some of the other dishes, the meat was significantly less existent. There were also some bones in the chicken.  Jerk Shrimp - Wife got this. She thought it was good but was suffering from the spice. She is not one to eat spicy food and this was too hot for her. The shrimp were cooked well and had a bit of crisp to them. Also, the tails were removed which earned them big bonus points in my book.  Jerk Chicken off the Grill - Mine. If ever a dam breaks and floods downtown Phoenix, I know that we will be safe. The chicken at Zoe's Cafe and The Breadfruit will save our home by absorbing the water. I couldn't imagine drier chicken than at Zoe's before last night but the jerk flavoring added to the bone dry chicken was the perfect storm to absorb any liquid from my body. Terrible, simply terrible. Realizing that the chicken wasn't spicy at all by my standards, I ordered up some more of that escovitch sauce and drenched by chicken in it whereby making it palatable. The chicken was surrounded by an over cooked pineapple slice that was hard and dry, a tiny piece of corn that had such small kernels on it that I actually had to use a knife to cut them off (something I hate). There was also a pile of ital coleslaw which was a combination of sticks and rubbish that traditionally makes it into the bin at most restaurants. Hard times call for desperate measures.  Drinks did include a wonderful selection of "Jamaican soda". The ginger beer was great but very sugary. My wife tells me that the pineapple soda was a little strong and could have been a bit subdued. She also complained of the sugaryness of the sodas.  In all, Breadfruit is a welcome addition to the downtown neighborhood. I was not surrounded by dirty hippies with dreadlocks and the owners were good people. I would recommend that people try it once but I would never suggest it as a place to go for dinner.  Also, keep in mind that the owner will harass you if you leave even slightly negative reviews of his place on Yelp.
Bleh.  I'm sorry Breadfruit, but I will not be back.  I was really excited to try this place when we heard it was opening.  I've said before that I don't like Mexican spicy but I do like Asian spicy.  I forgot to add that I also like Caribbean spicy.  Finally, a place in downtown to get some good Caribbean/Jamaican food.  Boy was I wrong.  We met a couple friends here and when we walked in, I loved the decor.  It looks just like the inside of my house with the bright colored walls and the exposed brick and ductwork.  Unfortunately, my love for this place stops there.  We decided to order the Plaintain Avocado Spring rolls.  Taste wise, these were okay on the first bite, the more you ate, the less distinguishable the flavors got.  It was really just a big mess of mush inside a soggy wonton type wrapper.  The dipping sauce was tasty though.  I ordered the Jerk Shrimp and it came with a side of rice and beans.  The tails were removed from the shrimp, which was really nice to not have to take care of myself.  Unfortunately the shrimp were not cooked very well.  They were quite tough and had this weird crispiness to them.  The flavor on the shrimp was ridiculously overpowering.  I know I am a bit of a wimp when it comes to heat and spice, but this was too much.  I couldn't taste anything besides the spice, even after downing my entire bottle of pineapple soda, which was way too sugary.  Everyone else's food looked decent, but overcooked.  One dish, the stew, looked like baby diarrhea.  Honestly.  The highlight of the meal was the little breadstick thing they serve alongside the food.  It was pretty good.  Sorry Breadfruit, I will continue to pass by you in favor of better restaurants like the Turf.
I had a really disappointing experience with The Breadfruit.   It was a Monday. It was a nice day. We wanted a picnic. We stopped at the Breadfruit to ask if we could get something to go. We were told no.  The woman (owner?) told us repeatedly that they are a dine-IN restaurant, that it meant we can not take our food with us, and that take-out is bad for the environment. She was superior and insulting.  My friend and I both work in restaurants. We are perfectly clear what dine in means. We would have tipped the server. We were flexible. We were hungry. We would have been happy to take our food in tin foil. We would have been happy to bring our own plates to receive the food on. We could have sat down, taken a bite, and asked for doggie bags. We understood that the Breadfruit is a dine-in restaurant, but they could have worked with us.   There was only one occupied table in the place, but she flat out refused to serve us and was rude about it. Unbelievable!  I won't be back for dine-in. I won't be back ever.
The food was ok...although the price point was a little high.  I was one of a group of nine.  We were having a great time until the bill.  The server springs on us that he can only accept two credit cards.  That was VERY inconvenient especially since he didn't tell us until we were paying.  Like I said, we were 9 people and were pretty much the only people there during their lunch hour.  I was surprised they were not more accomodating.  Although we all enjoyed our food for the most part, we all decided we would not return.
There's no point in making a reservation at Breadfruit if they won't honor it.  Or to be more precise, they should be less deceptive about taking your reservation.  In our case, we were given the impression that we'd have to wait about 20 minutes for our little group.  On the phone they did tell us that there was another party ahead of us.  What they didn't tell us was that it would really be more like the 20 minutes times 3 for the four adults and two kiddos.  When we made our way in, the place was half full, but four two-tops were open and a large table for six was reserved.  Not for us, of course, and nobody was leaving anytime soon.  While we waited, a party of two walked in and was seated.  A few minutes later, another two-top near them turned over.  A little forward thinking would have been to seat the two at one of the other open tables, and put the other now free tables together.   It would have been a tight fit, but it could have worked.  Needless to say, The Breadfruit is small.  There is no waiting area and with the kiddos we weren't going to wait outside in the drizzle.  We waited in a hallway that lead to the bathroom until we couldn't wait anymore.  In the end we walked out.  One star for the cute ambiance but for nothing else.
I have been regretting this review.  Why? Because I did my research, was looking forward to trying it, I read the reviews and I was comfortable that I knew what to expect. I went in on a whim on 4/1. I truly did enjoy my meal and experience, only to come home and within a few hours experience one of the worst cases of food poisoning I have had in years.   The wait staff is very good at garnering the up-sale, they were very friendly and professional. I went with the Escoviche Fish recommendation (blacked fish with coleslaw and a grilled pineapple slice) , the Mango Lemonade and the Sweet Potato Puddin' (almost $50 for just me, I felt it a bit over priced, even with out my food poisoning).  Like I mentioned earlier, everything was good and very flavorful.  I was content and full on the way home, I was feeling nothing more than a good meal. And initially prepared to give it at least 3 stars.   It is almost 4 days later and I am still not back to normal.   I don't plan on stopping in anytime soon.
I really expected to like Breadfruit having read the other reviews and being recommended as a veggie resturant. REALLY?!? There is one thing on the menu that is veggie? I'm perplexed and underwhelmed. Anyway, not too impressed with the flavors, I thought it would be spicier... And it took forever to get a glass of water, forever to get our beers opened, forever to get our food. But i wanted to give 2 stars for a locally owned business that takes buying local serious. But maybe give us some more veggie options?
James Beard would have cut the corn.    --Okay so I know you must be wondering exactly what that means.  We went to the restaurant on a wed night--picked up a great rose from AZ Stronghold at public market to avoid the corkage fee and was looking forward to a new dining experience.    Things started out fabously--the wait person was well informed and helpful with the menu.  We decided to split three dishes.  We ordered the scallops appetizer--they were perfect!  done to perfection which is not easily done with scallops.  We split them --put one on each plate.  Next came the jerk chicken salad--again--a wonderful complement of spicy chicken and mangos--the perfect marriage of spice and sweet.  we commented we had made the perfect choice of the Rose from AZ Stronghold and looking forward to the next course.  and so it came--jerk prawns, grilled pineapple on slaw--with a half an ear of corn--ahhhhhh there's the rub.  the plate would looked lovely, but because we were sharing--I asked the wait person--if the corn could be cut in half--don't get me wrong, i really liked my dining companion, but could not just bring myself to  nibble on the same ear of corn.  the wait person took the plate  back to the kitchen--we were salivating because the prawns smelled really wonderful--  then the plate came back--and the ear of corn was still in tack-- during the course of rest of the evening we were given several reasons, why this simple request could not be accomodated  ahh-the chef is an artist and cutting the corn would have upset the balance of the design of the plate.  we could not cut the ear ourselves because there were no sharp knives.-- there are only two chefs and there isn"t time to accomodate special requests  ok--this is a restaurant with maybe 10 tables--by the time we left there were only 2 people left in the restaurant.--so special requests can't be accomodated?  Also we would have eaten the corn, but instead it was wasted.  I am self employed and my customers are everything to my livlihood.  If I can accomodate I will even though it might not be exactly what I want to do--because the more important thing is I want to establish long term relationships with  them and have them come back again and again and again.  Unfortunately--I will not be going back to breadfruit--the food was generally good--but I would rather spend my dining dollar in someplace the recognizes that it is so easy to accomodate simple requests and the benefit to do that is repeat customers.--it would have been so easy to have satisfied customers, by simply cutting the ear of corn.
I don't intend to return, but based on the way we were treated by the kitchen earlier this week, my "uncouth" self doesn't exactly feel welcome anyway. However, I'm not quite convinced that it's my loss...   It had been almost a year since my original visit to Breadfruit which did not overwhelm (as you can judge by it taking me a year to make it back) but I did have an appreciation of the option for Caribbean cuisine.   Since a friend and I were going to be downtown for an event, I suggested Breadfruit for our dinner spot. We enjoy good food and supporting local. The option to pick up wine at the Public Market next door and have the already reasonable corkage fee waived was a bonus, as we had really enjoyed a couple of the Arizona Stronghold wines at a recent FnB wine pairing and thought they would pair well with the Jamaican heat!   While the scallops were delicious and cooked perfectly, 2 for $12.50 -- $6.25 per scallop -- is a tad steep in my book. We also shared the Jerk Chicken Salad ($9.95) and the Jerk Prawns Off the Grill ($14.95).   Here's the ultimate rub, the bottom of the menu states "no substitutions or modifications"... Since when is cutting a KFC-side-sized ear of corn a "modification"?   At the same time, the menu describes the restaurant and it's offerings as "Nothing fancy; simply good food that nourishes and rejuvenates the body."   It seems like cutting something in half so we could easily share it -- particularly after the plate has been delivered to the table for us to appreciate it's "beauty" AND after we've communicated to our server and demonstrated with the first two courses that we were splitting the items -- is in the vein of "nothing fancy."   How about providing the customer with an appropriate utensil to cut it themselves, then?   The fact that the chef was obstinate in refusing to cut the KFC-side-sized ear of corn provided with our entree screams "pretentious and grandiose" and tainted our entire experience.   To quote my dinning companion, "You are not James Beard and James Beard would've cut the corn!"
I've been to Breadfruit a couple of times now. My most recent experience was in the last 48 hours with a couple of friends. I should start this review my noting that I love Jamaican food. In general, I love foods that mix fruity and spicy, and yet aren't too heavy on the stomach.   For the food, the coleslaw and corn are excellent side items. The bread is decent, and interesting flavour, though a bit on the tough side. For main dishes I have had the jerk chicken and jerk prawns. Indeed, for me, the jerk chicken was the better. The shrimp was not filling at all... $15 for 5 prawns is not only a rip-off for a restaurant that serves with paper napkins, but it leaves you wanting more...in a bad way. The plantain and avocado rolls are perhaps the only thing on the menu worth the price. They are perfectly paired with the mango chutney. The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well. The waiter might have done well by us to mention that the "half order" for $12 had only 2 medium-sized scallops. For $21, you could get the "full order", but then, what's the point? Also at the table was a house salad of sorts, which while it has potential, went half-eaten.  Also, a plus, they have finally gotten a beer license, so they can finally serve, appropriately, Jamaican Red Stripe lager. At $4.50, it isn't the best deal in downtown Phoenix though. Nickel and dimed again!  As for the service and management, there are not positive signs for this restaurant. It has managed to stay in business, and good on them. On the other hand, while the dcor is nice and pleasant - typical Jamaican with it's yellow and green walls, the place is noisy. And that is odd considering we were the only three patrons in the restaurant. Management would do well to put up a plexiglass room divider. The restaurant does have a nice glass faade, which allows a pleasant view of the street. Unfortunately, the location is on 1st and Pierce, which offers some of the worst views in all of downtown Phoenix. Alas, this location goes to waste. It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down. My last impression is of the wait staff. While the staff two years ago was helpful and polite, we three agreed that the new staff was pushy and unhelpful. Over and over, we were pushed to order items we insisted we didn't want. And when it came to selling us on the dishes and informing us of the small skewer of prawns or the 2-scallop appetizer, he seemed to have forgotten. I guess it's a bit like a used car salesman.  Too bad I can't think of another Jamaican restaurant in Phoenix, I'd love to try it next time!
Save your money and time.  It took over an hour just to get our lunch served and there was hardly anyone in the restaurant, even after expressing to our waiter that we were in a rush.  Ordered off the basic Taste of the Island menu.  The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.  Not impressed especially for a restaurant near the ASU downtown campus.  Lots of other places that serve good quality food at a reasonable time.
I went to BF a while back & thought the food was just OK. The way my friend & I were treated when we showed up a few minutes before our reservation was a true slap in the face. They were completely rude & told us to wait in the hallway near the bathrooms until our table was ready. What was interesting is that there were only a few patrons in the restaurant. I'm a huge foodie and recommend many establishments to my clients and this one is definately off the list.  I don't care how good your food is but if the service is bad, I will never return.  There are too many great restraunts in the Phoenix area with great service and great food to waste my hard earned money at a place like Bread Fruit.
Hmmm....where do I start...SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!   Honestly, if you don't mind paying through the ear for a mediocre meal, then feel free and pay a visit, but don't say yelp reviewers didn't give you fair warning.   So I was taken here for my birthday, and I was super excited! I had heard good reviews and could not wait to get my hands on some stew chicken!!   We started out with the drink menu, the mango drink with mint is very good and reasonably priced compared to everything on the menu.   Since we heard the portions were small, we decided we would each get an app, share, and then each order entrees.   The Festival with mango chutney...taste was good, price was ridiculous!!!!!! They seriously make 2 tiny breadsticks, cut them in half and stick it in a small bowl of chutney. I don't care what fancy ingredients you use, but for $5.95, at least add some more breadsticks!!!   The plantain and avocado rolls were also small, the plantain was not even fully ripened, and the cost was $7.95..., these ingredients are not fancy, or expensive, and the flavor was disappointing.   I decided that I was going to get the the jamaican patty with fish, but after being slightly confused by the waitress I ended up ordering the chefs special appetizer...OMG what a MISTAKE!!!   The chef's special was fish springrolls with mango and spinach(or some other green) served with a spicy sauce...the flavor was bitter and it needed more fish...especially when I saw the price after the bill came..12.50!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! for the smallest spring rolls in the world, and the fish in it? Probably the scraps left over after they get the filets off the bone for an entree.   The stew chicken that I was soo excited about? ehhh...i've made better with a half ass recipe.   The only thing I found that was rare and delicious, was a boiled green banana that is hard to find in phoenix. Although a roasted sweet potato or yam would have fit in as well.   The curry chicken and dumpling is a joke! you get about 4- 5 small pieces of a cut chicken breast and a big dense dumpling, I was afraid to take too much when I asked if i could taste, so i took a sliver or chicken and a sliver of dumpling....not impressed.   The rice and plantain on the plate was ok, but again, the plantain was not fully ripened.   The best thing on my plate was grilled piece of cabbage and the boiled banana.   Now that I think of it, for a restaurant that is is focused on local ingredients and the experience of eating your food etc...why the heck would they serve mangoes, plantains, and green bananas and anything with fish for that matter...seems at odds with the philosophy   All in all, 3 diners, 0 repeat customers.   The space is nice, the service is friendly.   Food is ok, prices are ridiculous.  I would not recommend it to my friends.
Well, after a year and a few months of living a stones throw from Breadfruit, I finally made it in there.  To be honest with you I was not very impressed and left with a bad taste in my mouth.  I love supporting the local restaurants in my downtown, but I don't think I will be returning.  The girlfriend and I decided to come for dinner and we were both really excited to try the food.  We were seated promptly and greeted by our server, Craig, I think.  He was great with describing the food and how spicy and offered his recommendations.  We had the pumpkin soup to start with some of the Festival bread.  The soup was tasty, but was luke warm.  We both expected hot, maybe even a gazpacho-like soup, but luke warm?  It had a nice kick that snuck up on you, but the temperature really changed it.  The bread was really tasty though and we moved on to the entrees.  She had the chicken and dumpling dish.  The sauce had a curry taste to it and was very good.  The dumplings, while thick and hearty were good as well.  I opted for the Jerk Prawns.  Now, when I see Prawns on the menu I am expecting 3, maybe 4, *very* large shrimp, especially for $14.50.  When I got my plate I was underwhelmed to say the least.  I saw 5 medium shrimp on a skewer.  I will say they did taste good, but for the price I felt a little bent over.  The dish was accompanied by a cabbage slaw and a slice of grilled pineapple.  Overall, tasty but over priced.  What really got me was the bill, granted we each had a drink, and I knew how much mine was, it was $60 before gratuity.  Looking at the receipt I saw the Festival bread, which sounded like it came with the soup, was $3.50!  Two sticks of bread!  Needless to say I was just overcome with a sense of disappointment after hearing such great things.
it was girls night out - dinner before going to see chelsea handler perform at comerica theatre.  first thought as we entered was the place was quaint, clean, good music, and empty - we were the second table to be sat for dinner at 5:15.      we ordered drinks - all rum, by the way - a couple of the gals were shocked that a rum bar didn't serve vodka, so we were off to a great start....My Mojito Ponganot was amazing and that is the only good thing I have left to say about this place.  we ordered appetizers: the oven roasted plantains - just meh and we also ordered the fresh baked patty - one tilapia and one spinach. I thought the crust was a bit on the dry side - two of us 4 thought they were good - good enough to order another one - which ended up never being served to us.  the major disappointment was the one entree that we made this trip for was "sold out"  - hmmm   we were the second table to be seated - the other table hadn't ordered yet and what is it you ask that they "sold out" of - why the popcho & sweet ginger - basically baby bok choy - wow now that is an ingredient you can't find oh, i don't know EVERYWHERE.....???     we ended up eating salads - which were good, fresh, but frankly could have made just as easily at home.   the bread that was offered and not on menu and therefore assumed to come with the meal was breadsticks with a hint of vanilla - good, but 2 sticks for almost $5 - no thanks.   the kicker was when we asked them to call us a cab...we sat for 10 minutes and nothing - we asked again and finally this time saw them pick up a phone.   we were then told we could sit outside to free up the table - this was after paying our $200 tab.  I have never had this occur at a restaurant.  yes, i know it was a friday night, but we were finishing our drinks, we had paid and tipped WELL and think that they could afford to have us sit there for 10 minutes waiting on a cab they forgot to call.  I "might" have returned even based on the lackluster food - just for the drink, but I can certainly say after the rudeness we would never return
The best part of my experience here was the capriana. It was sweet and delicious. The server was pretty good and very friendly.   I ordered the Jerk Prawns (which cost $14.50) and I received 5 medium sized prawns on a skewer. Not only was I disappointed in the lack of prawns, they were terribly overdone. Very dry. The flavoring was pretty ok, but couldn't make up for the dryness.  It also came with coleslaw, grilled pineapple and corn and festival bread which wasn't bad. I sampled my friends tropical salad ($7.50) which had yummy dressing and seemed more filling than my pricier meal.  I was pretty hungry and I left the restaurant feeling like I needed to have a snack. I don't mind small portions if the food is really good, but this place just didn't have it.   I might consider coming back here for yummy drinks, but it's doubtful that would be enough motivation to bring me back in.
01/27/11  Yes, the mango fish rolls http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-breadfruit-phoenix-2?select=kKlpgD3Aa5BpVWDOnaufyg#kKlpgD3Aa5BpVWDOnaufyg were definitely crispy and tasted delicious, and yes, the oven-roasted plantains http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-breadfruit-phoenix-2?select=Q-JPbNWKKO0gMe66G9W2TA#Q-JPbNWKKO0gMe66G9W2TA were firm on the outside and just-like-buttah on the inside, but were they worth $10.50 and $5, plus tax, respectively?  I don't think so.  I took photos of the food w/ a pen next to the plates to show you how small these portions were.  Really, $12 for a small mango fish roll, sliced three-ways?  And I'm supposed to feel good about ordering an entree and dessert after?  The Sweet potato pudd'n http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-breadfruit-phoenix-2?select=GhUFceoWCGwSCHxRw8ZMVA#GhUFceoWCGwSCHxRw8ZMVA was just absolutely fabulous, but you won't catch me driving all the way to The Breadfruit to spend my hard-earned money here.  At least I know they've reinvested some of the profits into remodeling the place... it looked fifty times better than when it did on its first year of opening.  If you wish to dine and converse w/ your companions, it's best not to come here on the weekends, when next door Rum Bar is hopping.  Then again, maybe it was just hopping on this night, bec. of the rum-tasting event held there...  I haven't been back since, so I don't know how busy these two businesses are.
Food was great. Service was horrible to the point i completely forgot how good the food was. We arrived at happy hour time, they would not want to accomadate the happy hour price. Then they refused to give any pepper or some chilli to my friend whose food was not spicy enough. Then, when my guests arrived later, they would refuse to put a chair at our table, though are table was big enough to seat two more people there easily. And after all these annoying push backs, they would not split checks and 8 out of us had to do our own math. And the last strike was when the server came and told a friend that she had to sign a $25 tab. Seriously people, you have a restuarant in AZ, don't you know any amount under $50 does not have to be signed in state of AZ.. Bottom line, if this restaurant does not start to accomadate their guests, they will loose customers. I know I will not go back there again, and will not recommend them to any one I know.
I went to Breadfruit a few months ago and waited until now to post it, to keep myself from saying anything too mean. I went with my boyfriend and had the worst service.  The server kept just wandering back and forth between the kitchen and dining room without doing anything. We had to try several times every time we wanted to get his attention. Also a note on the menu. -  I am extremely pick (I know this so I try to keep it in perspective). I have been a vegetarian since I was 10 and do not like meat at all. I ordered the tofu, but when it came out it looked more like chicken, and the texture was like chicken. I asked my boyfriend to try a piece and he thought it was chicken as well. After several attempts we got the server's attention and asked him if he was sure they made tofu and not chicken by mistake. This is where our serves becomes unbelievable. The guy actually yells at me that "it is not chicken, it is tempeh not chicken!" (tempeh is a soy product, but is not tofu. It should not be listed as tofu on the menu) If it had been listed correctly on the menu I would not have ordered it because I already know I do not like it. I did not know how to react. I ended up just eating the rice, and the server ignored us the rest of the meal. He came back to pick up the plates noticing I did not eat it and didn't say a word or offer to take it off the bill. It then took us another 10 minutes at least to get him to pick up the bill. I will never go back here!
Wow. I really hated this place.   Our server was also the bartender. (I ate there last night 1-30-12.) She was either terribly slow or terribly overworked. Either way-- not my problem. She came to the table and gave us a canned speech about "what she really likes on the menu." Of course, wow, everything she liked numbered amongst "most expensive" on the menu. Big surprise.   (If you read other reviews on Yelp, you can read about the pushy service. Just awful.)  She talked at us, and not to us. When we were done ordering, she-- in constant sales mode-- pushed the Rice & Peas, which is Jamaican rice and beans.   I love rice & peas, so even though I didn't like our pushy server, I ordered anyway. When the food arrived, my companion and I each took a bite of the rice and-- if I would have had a napkin-- I would have spit it out.   The flavor could only be described as "odd"-- and it was served room temperature. We both agreed- independently of one another-- that the rice was inedible.   Gosh, the way our server upsold us, you would think it would be at least edible.   I ordered the soup of the day. I was told it was red snapper with vegetable. It was a fish broth with vegetables. There was no red snapper. So why was "red snapper" included in the title of the soup? I have no idea.   So they basically boiled some fish heads, put some veggies in, and made $7.25 profit on a $7.50 soup. I was pissed.   Of course, I would have liked to tell our useless server / bartender about this, but she never stopped by to ask us how our meal was-- NOT ONCE.   When the food was dropped, we ordered another round of drinks and did not get them until our meal was almost finished.   The manager came and cleared our plates, so I told him. He just smiled and basically told me it was my fault for not enjoying the overpriced rice and soup.   Plaintains were oven-roasted and tasty. Very stingy portion though.  I would say about half a plaintain per order. These people have their food cost in control baby! Don't serve any food! That's the key.  The only thing that was good was my companion's jerk chicken. It was excellent, actually. As far as drinks go, the overpriced Mojito Vanilla was also good.   So here's the deal: If you are a hipster foodie who likes the idea of eating overpriced Jamaican food-- even though you and your knit cap has never even been to Jamaica-- with stingy portions, and poor service...this is your place.   They missed on every level. Horrible.
After dining here last Thursday, I would classify this as a "special occasion" place due to the prices and ambiance; this was a surprise since I did not get that impression when reading the reviews.  Or maybe it was because the couple of other Jamaican places I have been to have been dives?  I loved the classy intimacy of this restaurant.  It gave me the feeling that I was having dinner at someone's house who was both a great cook and also had great taste in decor.  The impression I have of Jamaican food is that it has really strong flavors but I found the food here to be a little bland.  I got the jerk shrimp which didn't look very blackened or like it even had a rub on it.  However, when I tasted it I was surprised and pleased that there was actually a good spicy kick to it.  This was by far the best part of my meal.  The sides it came with tasted good but were nothing special.  I did really love their cocktails but I wrote another review of the bar since that is a separate business listing.  I like the fact that there was so much seafood on the menu (try the mussels, they are yummy) but I think someone who is more of a meat eater might be disappointed.  I was also surprised there was no goat on the menu - don't Jamaican places usually have goat?  Overall, I think this is a great place for a date night or a quiet dinner with old friends.  The food just wasn't special enough for me to want to drive into downtown.  But if I knew someone who wanted to go here, I wouldn't say no.
The drinks were only so-so. The waiter was pretty rude and was trying to tell us what to order.  When we didn't order what he recommended he seemed annoyed.  We ordered the "seared" scallops for an appetizer and they were not seared, rather mushy.  The worst part of the meal was the portion of my meal.  I ordered the special, red snapper wrapped in a leaf of some sort.  I saw the couple at the table next to me eating it and their portions looked appropriate.  When I got my meal, I had maybe 2 ounces of fish, a large piece of raw pineapple and some sort of a bread stick.  I don't know if the waiter was trying to punish us for not ordering enough cocktails but I have NEVER had a portion so small, not even in Paris.
My first trip to Phoenix I was looking for the best food donwtown Phoenix had to offer. It is NOT The Breadfruit! Aside from their nice lounge-like interior it was awful. The menu is limited and its my personal pet peeve for someone to call a green plantain a sweet plantain. I'm a vegan so they have one vegetarian option on the menu which I wasn't interested in so I asked if I could create a plate. They said no because theyre flavors were expertly paired and the dishes were already made. Ha! I wondered is it a TV dinner because if not you should have no trouble putting rice and peas, plantains, and greens on a plate. I asked if a watermelon could be put in my mojito they said no like how hard is that. I looked around to see if the business reflected all the no's i was getting and the place was empty. Mind you it was dinner time and its a dinner restaurant. I finally ordered the avocado plantain spring rolls. The bartender brought me out to menu items that I did not order and tried to convince me that i ordered them The spring rolls could have been good if the plantains were actually sweet. I paid my bill and went over to the Westin restaurant and had a great meal
The drinks were great, the food was palatable, but the service was absolutely terrible, and I have never felt so unwelcome in a restaurant in my life.   I took 7 ladies here for my bachelorette party dinner (we wanted a low-key affair with good food and good drinks, and since I was going to Jamaica for my honeymoon, we figured this was the perfect place). We are all working professional women who are accustomed to fine dining and good service, but unfortunately, we got none of that at The Breadfruit.   Our waitress tried to push the most expensive thing on the menu multiple times, despite my friends saying they don't like seafood. She then tried to push everyone to order sides of rice and peas (I really wonder if they make a commission from selling rice and peas), and also suggested that my friend order some for her 1-year-old son. My friend went ahead and ordered it because she figured he could nibble on it if he wanted, and it wouldn't be a big waste of money if he didn't like it or wasn't hungry. More on this later...  Another friend asked the waitress if she could get her meal without anything banana-related on the plate, because she has a banana aversion. The waitress extremely rudely replied "The menu SAYS right THERE that no substitutions are allowed. And they AREN'T bananas - they're plantains." My friend stated that she couldn't eat either bananas or plantains, and that she wasn't asking for a substitution, but rather the omission of the plantains from the plate. The waitress stated that it could not be done, because it would ruin the presentation of the dish, so I just piped up and told my friend I would take her plantains off the plate.   Now back to the rice and peas. When the 1-year-old started eating it, he spilled some of it onto the table, and then wiped what he had spilled from the table onto the floor (he's a 1-year-old, after all! He hadn't made a peep the entire time we were there, nor did he ever try to get down from his adult-sized chair, so pushing some rice onto the floor was not a huge transgression). The waitress immediately came over and said, in the rudest voice ever, "Oh that's just GREAT. Can you just NOT let him do that???" to which my friend replied, "Don't you have a broom? I will clean it up." The waitress just rolled her eyes and disappeared (but never did bring a broom). My friends and I are generous tippers, and would have rewarded the waitress greatly for dealing with the aftermath of a toddler's dinner. However, after the rudeness we had experienced up to this point, we couldn't take it any longer. We asked the other waiter to speak to a manager, and after about 5 minutes (during which time our waitress never did reappear), the manager finally came over and spoke to us. He told us that the waiter would be serving us for the rest of our dinner, instead of the waitress, but he never did apologize for his employee's rude behavior.   I see from other Yelp reviews that others have had similar experiences with that waitress, and I question if she is still employed solely based on her scallop- and rice-and-pea- upselling abilities. It was clear she wanted to do as little work as possible and clear our table as quickly as possible.   If I had only gone for drinks, I would definitely go back again, but I don't think the food is good enough for me to want to tolerate the utterly crappy service, and I know can get good drinks so many other places. Sorry Breadfruit, but I will be getting my Jamaican-food fix elsewhere from now on!
I had high hopes for this place, and it is really too bad because I love to support the Phoenix area restaurants, especially a Caribbean one and I had already been to the adjoining Rum Bar and loved the drinks, but the food was bad.  It was not only bad, but by all means avoid the daily market catch.  It was not fresh at all!  Very over priced!  For nearly $25 for a simple white fish they could have at least taken the bones out of the thing.  It tasted like it had been sitting around all day (or two) in its own juices, and when I let the waiter/bartender know he just ignored it and then ignored us until we left.  I will never be back for the food.  The Rum flights are worth a trip there, but that is it.
So I was really excited to check out this place when I visited Phoenix at the end of July. Went straight there from the airport.. Love the swanky hole in the wall that Phoenix seems to have a niche in. Our server was very nice and the drinks were great...but now the disappointment begins...Appleton Rum Sea Scallops app was pretty good, couls have used more flavor but what's awful was there were only 2 and our food took forever!. Not worth it.They should definitely change this into a main dish add scallops, more seasoning & rice, and increase the price to make it worth it. I ordered the pork with polenta and it was boring! My friend ordered something else.. dont remember what but she wasn't thrilled either. So I recommend this place maybe for a Happy Hour but for dinner's there is better out there. If you're looking for Carribean food downtown.. I suggest Ticoz.
Let me start by saying this used to be an amazing place. I have eaten here many many times, but stopped going due to having less business downtown.  I went here this weekend and was horrified. They changed the menu, and the same meal I had a year ago that was 10 stars was now below average. It seems as if they lost the cook that made this place so good. The food I had tasted like liquid smoke, and having been a BBQ judge for many years, I can tell you that's exactly what it was.  I was very disappointed, as I looked so forward to revisiting one of my favorite places in town. It is such a shame of what happened.
My husband (Jamaican) and I were very excited to try the Breadfruit, especially after reading so many rave reviews. Sadly the best part of our experience and meal was the drink which turns this review into a 2-star instead of 1.   Even with a half-empty dining room at 8pm on a weekday, we were told they did not have a table available and had to wait half an hour, at which point we were escorted into the now near-empty dining room.   Our appetizers and entrees were bland, with only hints of Jamaican flavors, and served luke-warm.  Hubby had a upset stomach and touch of queasiness a couple hours after dinner.   The concept of the restaurant is great but I recommend anyone visiting The Breadfruit should go for happy hour and get the rum punch or other tasty cocktails and skip the food - then you might not be disappointed.  :-)
We ate here last night before a show at Crescent Ballroom. We arrived a bit before 7pm and were a party of 6. We weren't the largest party there and definitely got there before a couple of the larger parties.   We didn't get our food until a quarter after 8 after watching the larger parties that were seated after us receive thiers.  I asked our server to bring us some to go boxes when she brought the food out, as well as the check, as we didn't want to miss the show we planned to watch and we didn't receive it for another 15 minutes.  I'm tempted to say that our server didn't place our order immediately or was too occupied with the trainee that was following her around to notice that we were in a hurry, even after I asked for the check.   The food wasn't bad, but will likely never eat here again and just spend time at the Rum Bar.
Appetizers, overpriced, small portions.   Entrees, good flavor... Service... lacking.  The server who had our table was awkward... She was nice enough, but didn't really understand service.  My friend asked for a cocktail twice, and on the first occasion, they said they couldnt make anything with grapefruit juice... and on the second occasion, He ordered a pina colada and specified a type of rum.  She came back and said the bartender wouldnt make it because the flavor would comprimise the integrity of the flavor.... He wanted brazilian rum in a pina colada, Big deal, just make the drink, don't make him feel bad.  we felt rushed as our plates were cleared before our friends were finished eating...  The food was tasty, however I won't be back due to the strange vibe I got.
I'm doing my best to separate Rum Bar from The Breadfruit, even tho the service is shared between the two. Although my original intention was just to have a cocktail (and experience the new bar), our server was super cool and told us about the specials. Hearing about food on an empty stomach, well... I didn't have the willpower to say no.  Looking over the menu, I noticed that there was a grilled jerk chicken entree with (I think) potatoes at around $13. Our server described a similar special (roasted jerk chicken with wild rice and vegetables) so we opted for that one since she did an amazing job at describing it. After being so hungry, you'd think that I'd love whatever food I would get my way!  Unfortunately the only thing good about my dish, was the server's description of it. The dish was half of a chicken, with every single bone and skin still in there, on top of rice. There were 2 tiny pieces of vegetables (which I couldn't even distinguish) to a side. The chicken was spiced ok (hot but not too much) but it was extremely DRY and a giant pain to cut up. After literally struggling with my dish for 20mins, I became frustrated and annoyed, especially since every piece that I successfully managed to cut off the bone wasn't even that pleasing to the taste. The rice was just A-OK (not particular flavor) and the dish just seemed like a regretful choice.   To make things worse, upon getting my receipt I see that my chicken "special" is $18.50, whereas the chicken entre on the menu (which is identical) is $13. That's it. This restaurant is trying too hard to be fancy but not even delivering the quality and taste that a fancy restaurant should have.  Just come here for drinks, do yourselves a favor and eat elsewhere.
over priced and not that good...liked the setting but the food really was not up to par. Had the scallops, lobster and fresh fish of the day..  Lobster was very very small and way over cooked. The fresh fish was not so fresh and was burned (not blackened but honestly burned).   Only redeeming factor was the cocktails. Sorry guys!
Overpriced, especially the drinks. Had a reservation, and asked to sit outside, but were told no, even though the seats outside remained empty the whole time we were dining. Asked for less ice in my $10.00 drink (yes, ten dollars for one drink that was all ice, no drink) and was told no- that the bartenders could not do that because the drinks were measured 'perfectly'. Food was ok, nothing special that I couldn't make at home.
Reserved a table for a birthday.  Got to the venue, they had no idea who we were neither a table ready  Food was ok, Rum was great.  Note: they do not split bills and charge you $2 per plate if you bring a birthday - they almost refused allowing us to eat the cake in the restaurant incase it "contaminated" their food?
I SOOOO wanted to love this place.  We used to have this great Jamaican place around the corner in Chicago, and were really looking forward to those flavors.  They were very attentive when we arrived, and I thought, this will be swell.....    Then we met our server.  This place is not very big and our server, who didn't seem to know what he was talking about (how's the fish, it's yummy.  how's the short ribs, so good.  not helpful), was LOUD.  He seemed really overworked which I cannot understand because there are only like 10 tables in the whole place and there were others working...  Starter - we had the Prawns and Roti.  They were amazingly good.  One criticism - when they say prawn, they just mean bigger than average shrimp. I understand this is common in certain areas of the US and the rest of the world, but the starter was slightly different than we expected.  Nonetheless, it tasted amazing.  We had the rum punch of the day to drink - VERY tasty.  I would go back just to have the "prawns" and rum punch.  Dinner - I ordered the short rib stew - their take on a beef stew, essentially.  It was VERY tasty.  Really, I could've eaten more.  No really.  I wish they had given me more.  The portion was smaller than I expected for the price.  The flavor was nice - and spicy - and amazing - but I still hadn't tasted anything that reminded me of the Jamaican food I had back in Chicago.  I know that doesn't necessarily mean anything, but...  Todd had the Mussels.  These should really be on the starter menu.  I'm not sure how someone can make a meal out of 10-15 mussels.  There's no side and two small pieces of bread.  Again, for the price, it seemed strange.  Also - while the mussels were tasty and wonderful, they were larger than normal, and neither of us cares for the larger mussels.  We were not thrilled, and for a birthday celebration, it was underwhelming, but we had a nice time (because the company was good).  I'm just not sure our experience was worth the money we spent.
Excited about my first dining experience today at the breadfruit at 108 E Pierce St downtown Phoenix. Learned about the establishment while researching  suggested restaurants from my companies vendor for a large group coming to town in March. Was told at 6:10pm that there was a two hour wait and that it's best to make a reservation before dining. Well of course I was not going to wait two hours to eat dinner. So we left. Then it hit me, the white couple in front of us that arrived at the same time wasn't leaving nor did they have reservations. Why were they staying and we weren't?!?! So at 6:17pm I called the restaurant from my car to make a 7pm reservation. The same person, Dwayne (who said he was the owner) told me he could accommodate us at 7:30pm. Definitely not two hours. Maybe my voice didn't sound Black like my face looked. What a huge let down!!! I will do my best to spread the word about my unfortunate experience at breadfruit.
Came here with some friends for drinks the other night.  Every single cocktail we got was fantastic and we ordered 1 each from the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd course in that order. We had the Rum Punch, Apple 'onia, and Hot buttered rum. Lucas, our waiter, was very prompt and recommended some darn good drinks.  Now for the not-so-good.  And for this section I rename the place Upper Bread Crust Rum Lounge. Allow me to explain. Our group of 7 was very diverse and we found the gentleman, who showed us to our seats, to be very judgemental.  He accused one of us of smelling "funny" and almost did not let us in despite a reservation! We were allowed in and were seated in the back cigar lounge. My wife and I visit a local Phoenix restaurant every weekend and never have we experienced this kind of treatment. Finally, our seating location in the back also seemed to be the main travel path for the staff taking out trash and bringing in ingredients.  We felt like we were in their way as we socialized, interrupted several times with rude "Excuse me's".   We won't be going back simply due to judgemental and rude staff.
Womp womp.  Pros: the cocktails really are great, and if you're there on a less-than-busy night the bartenders are very helpful and attentive.  Cons: the man who seats patrons and takes reservations is made of ice. I've had unfortunate run ins with him before, but the most recent visit has convinced me to stop trying. He was very short with our party of two, as well as the other small parties before and after us. Once we were seated no one stopped by for over 15 minutes. For anything. Not water, not "I'll be right with you", nothing. It was as if we weren't there at all. It was a decently busy night for them, but still there were several empty tables and appeared to be at least 4- 5 on staff running food and drinks. At one point, two polite men walked through the bar and attempted to enter the restaurant in order to pass along a message to some friends eating dinner when they were stopped by the ice man and asked to leave as "this is a very small establishment and there is no room for you". The men handled it well, joking after the server walked away that apparently the place was "at critical mass". My companion and I waited a few more minutes, trying to appear as hungry and thirsty as possible, and then eventually gave up and walked out.  I recommend walking 50 feet around the corner to Pomo.
*update* after posting this review I got word they were talking about it on FB. I posted a screen shot of their FB post and I think it sums up the exact issues we had with their service. Very rude*   we had a nice server so he is mostly excluded from this review. the rest of the experience was really disappointing and our whole party wished we would have left and gone somewhere else all because of how things started off.   let me just say this place was practically empty the whole time we were there. there were a few people but most tables were empty. it was a pretty early dinner reservation.   we originally only had 6 people confirmed for dinner the night of my birthday celebration but we had 4 more people confirm last minute. we called as soon as The Breadfruit opened to see about extending our reservation. They told us they would only accommodate groups of 6.   this was a huge pain bc it was an hour before our reservations and people were already on their way. we were able to convince them to reserve a 2nd table next to ours on the patio so we would all fit and be able to sit near each other. Only after they confirmed we'd be ordering alcohol in addition to our meals of course.   upon arriving we realized we had the whole patio to ourselves and if we pushed the tables together we would all be able to fit comfortably together with room for another table on the patio should they have more diners.   we asked if we could push our tables together and they were very snotty telling us we were basically lucky that they even agreed to accommodate us to begin with and the set up they created was our only option. we should bow down and kiss their feet for taking us at all.   like seriously?! you can't make any exceptions?! it would be one thing for us to suck it up if it clearly wasn't possible but it was totally possible for us all to sit together without changing a dang thing to the outside set up. it doesn't change anything!!!  our group could have sat together for crying out loud. it was totally possible. so stubborn and rude.   so that really set the mood for all of us. if we thought someplace nearby could accommodate a group of 10 last minute we would have pimp walked outta there.   but we endured it, tried to get past it for the sake of the meal and enjoyed all of their tasty drinks and the food was good. i loved their pina colada redux. the spring rolls were super boring flavor wise and left me thinking "what the heck, yelpers?! why did so many people recommend this?". my jerk chicken was tasty.   about 95% of our group smokes so after the meal they went to the back area to have a smoke(it sounded like they had a nice area just for this). the servers chased everyone down in the smoking area and tried handing them the bill while they were back there enjoying themselves making things really weird.   while the majority of the group was in the back smoking area they served me a free birthday dessert which was awkward bc shouldn't you do that when the whole party is around? they knew most of my party was out back seeing as how they chased them down with the checks. i blew out the candle and the few of us sitting there tasted it. it was one of the grossest things ever so thankfully it was free. it was a really sweet gesture though (but just fyi...dont order the potato dessert pie or whatever its called. better known as barf pie. i totally understand why they give that one away for free. no one would pay for that. just saying). but still, really kind birthday gesture. *ok, after reading some other reviews you people are loving this sweet potato pie. i am officially convinced they served us a rotten piece on purpose*  they don't usually let people split the check (we noticed this printed at the bottom of the menu) but our nice server offered to let us... only he made us divide everything up for him. i mean, isn't that his job? i get that it isn't normally allowed but he offered and it would have been really nice for him to divide it up for us. plus the restaurant was not busy and we spent a lot of money on food and drinks. it's the least they could have done but they apparently hate accommodating customers or providing an enjoyable dining experience for larger groups. this behavior would be acceptable at applebees or something. ugh whatever we were just so ready to get the heck out of there bc we were so clearly not welcome.  i def won't be back and i know most of my party will not be back based on this experience.   this place really is only good for super small, intimate settings. i wouldn't recommend going here with more than 4 people. they make it known that they don't really want you there if there are more than 4 of you anyway so be prepared to have a horrible time if you're with a group.  Also, you can't even order breadfruit at the breadfruit.
I didn't feel this place was the real deal. I go to Jamaica fairly often and have eaten at some really great restaurants in New York and Los Angeles.  When I asked the host , (part owner?) Why there were no jerk wings on the appertizer menu, he decided to give me a cultural lecture on how in his country jamaicans eat the whole bird.  Not sure what that had to do with my question.  But anyway, the food was tasty but weak, just like the drinks.  Hard for me to take any Jamaican restaurant seriously with no jerk wings on the menu. I mean really?  Overpriced for amount of food you get as well.  Also overrated
I'm a huge fan of Jamaican food having a really good friend from the island that spoils me with authentic recipes that have passed down through generation in his family and traveling all over the world my palette is internationally known lol!   Back to the story, needless to say my taste buds were going crazy with expectation! Well dannng, my girlfriend and I stood at the podium long enough to pull up Yelp and read several mixed reviews, since we had been noticed yet NO ONE was coming over to greet us we started toward the empty bar with one guy seated and a totally empty lounge area when we noticed the sign, "Please wait for server to be seared including the bar". So we waited and waited and waited until someone- anyone would make eye contact with us, finally a waitress approached us and asked if we have a reservation, I snickered like really, my girlfriend said no we do not and she stated it would be a wait haha okaaaay so we waited only shortly though.   Once at the table we began browsing the drink menu in search of the Jamaican rum Wray&Nephew which they did so cool now as for the menu, we both noticed the absence of jerk wings hmm we thought maybe we'll ask our server. The server approached our table with a mouthful of the day's special selection and a great grasp of the menu, very impressive so we ordered Admiral's Punch and some starters: She had the Roasted Plantains with Chutney dip and I had the Baked Mango Fish Rolls. The plantains were soft not crisp and void of flavor as for my fish rolls they were pretty good but the fish was over cooked. The drinks were a bit weak until we added shots of Wray&Nephew.   So as we sat sipping, a man stopped by our table and asked if we were enjoying our food, we looked at each other and she asked why jerk wings weren't served on the starter menu. The islander became very defensive explaining "his island eats the whole bird not just part of it", my girlfriend rebutted, having spent a lot of time in Jamaica feasting on local island cuisine as well as falling in love with the jerk wings! Wellll this stuck a nerve and to be quite honest I don't think he was expecting a real reply to his question just pretending to care.   Needless to say, in life you meet some people that try so hard to upscale their image that they lose the true essence of their identity! Oh and he was rude because he kept wanting to rush off as if the place was packed lol!   WARNING:  the only people that would be impressed by the food are those that have never truly experienced "real"Jamaican cuisine. And to think their "philosophy: Our philosophy is that good food should be good to eat...", my point exactly! In case you're wondering the one star was for having actual Jamaican rum!
Disappointed.  I was really looking forward to eating Jamaican food and had been craving it. My husband was excited to try jamaican food for the first time.  When I asked if I could have white rice instead of rice and peas, I was told the chef didn't alter the menu. What I ended up ordering was the nastiest thing ever. Some weird shredded beef.  The plaintains weren't even cooked all the way and were a bit raw.   My husband's food was just as bad. We were so pissed that we wasted $50 when we could've gone to a real authentic jamaican restaurant! Only reason I'm giving it a 2 star is because our server was great.  Never again!
All My friends love this place... So I went along on a lunch trip and walked into a very busy restaurant walk up to the counter and ordered the Luau Pork Plate (Slow roasted pulled Kalua pork topped with teriyaki sauce. Served with creamy Island macaroni salad, Asian slaw and white rice. With an order of the Rumbi Fries A mix of sweet potato & regular French fries, with Rumbi Fry Sauce. I was not impressed with my meal at all it was ok and the fried were ok as well. I will not be going back to this spot for lunch anytime soon.
Pretty disappointing overall.  Rice was undercooked, food was in some cases too sweet, in others too bland.  Not impressed.
I've been to Rumbi probably a few dozen times.  Worked near the (now closed) Rumbi on Frank Lloyd Wright in Scottsdale and ate there several times.  Have gone to this one in Chandler several times.  I always get the same thing, Jamaican Jerk Chicken.  OK, yeah, call me boring.  So I know what it tastes like.  And it always tasted the same until last Sunday, when it was different.  After a few bites i realized what I ordered isn't what I got.  So I handed it off to the manager looking dude and told him I'd prefer to get what I actually ordered.  His response was to bring it back to my table and try to convince me that what I had was what i actually ordered.    Bye bye, Chandler Rumbi, I won't be back.  Mistakes are OK, they just need to be corrected.  Explain aways are not OK.
Ate there last night. Had a big hair in my food. Kinda grossed me out so I only ate half. What I tasted was good.
This place was awesome when it first opened. The manager was on point and the service was as good as the food. NOW! It sucks. So disappointing. Management matters.
Been here twice now. The first experience was blah. The second the same and for that you get a friendly two stars.   Forget why this place has a Hawaiian Island theme when the menu really just serves rice bowls and burgers. So let's talk about the rice bowls, of which I had on both occasions.   After waiting entirely too long for my food, it came out luke warm both times and having ordered the chicken with a different flavor option, the chicken is really nothing more than pre-cooked cubes which you are invited to drown in a store-bought sauce. I wouldn't have minded waiting longer if I was convinced that any part of my meal was prepared fresh and not so blatantly pre-made.   I've had worse, but not necessarily rushing back.
This is no longer a Caribean joint, it served Mexican and El Salvadoran.  I did not eat there, we wanted Jamaican Patties.
Caribbean Fusion is good, but needs a little menu tweaking.   I went there totally expecting beef patties on the menu. After I already ordered my Jerk Pork, I asked if they would eventually serve them. The other server (not my server) said..."oh, we have them". Huh?? Where? They certainly weren't on the menu or mentioned when I ordered. All I really wanted was a couple beef patties, some plantains and genuine ginger beer! I ordered the beef patties (abandoned my jerk pork) and ate the plantains I ordered with my pork dish. The patties were delish and so were the plantains. The jerk pork was flavorful but a little on the tough side.   Simply put, the menu was great with the Jamaican dishes. They went awry by adding Italian style pasta dishes and salads with no Jamaican flare, American side dishes....like corn on cob, baked potato and french fries.   They're not super busy yet, and could probably do better by narrowing the selection to a few stellar and genuine Jamaican dishes. Oh, by the way, the website is www.jamicanfusions.com (Fusion with an "s", unlike the spelling of the restaurant).   On the lighter side, I know a great Mojito, and theirs are fantastic!!!   Bon Appetite!
I went to this place mid week late afternoon( No other customers beside myself and my friend) We were not at all impressed by the service ie: the bartender(we sat at the Bar)He was young, attractive, with absolutley NO personality. We were unsure of what to order so we took our gamble on  the Jerk Burger, with a side salad. I must say the food was fair, the salad was yummy and refreshing. The glitch... right as we were served another employee decided it was time to freshen the air, and to disinfect the furniture. I would have to say ...The food was fair ..But they have a LONG way to go for customer service. Which by the way I have been in Rest/bar biz for 24 years. Sad but True
Well, we can't say much for the food since we never got waited on.  We came in last night, a party of six and was seated, five to ten minutes later we got our menus.  Later we finally got some water, we were never asked if we wanted a drink and the waitress who walked by our table several times never even stopped to say sorry she was busy or anything... she didn't even look at us!  There were only 5 tables seated at this time and 2 were done eating.  Needless to say, after about the 6th time passing our table without even a drink order we got up and left and will never ever be back.    I doubt you will be seeing this place in business very much longer.
I think this place went out of business. I tried to eat here twice and the establishment was closed during their listed hours.
I really really wanted to review this place highly but I just can't.  I went there on a random weekend evening hoping to find another diamond in the rough strip mall restaurant.    When I walked in I was immediately impressed by the decor and general atmosphere.  We were the only ones in the whole restaurant, which was surprising, but it was really nice.  It looked like there was only one guy working as well - he was very nice and offered recommendations so no issues there.  That's about the end of my positive experience though unfortunately.  Service, as nice as the waiter was, was extremely slow.  It took a loooooong time between times when we saw our guy and when you're the only party in the restaurant - not good times.    Needless to say I was really, really excited when the food finally made an appearance.  The disappointment continued though.  I ordered the Curry Goat on the server's recommendation, and there was literally more bone than meat.  The meat that I was able to get was sub-par as well.    All in all, I wouldn't go so far as to warn friends against CF, and I will probably go back at some point to see if things are different, but I was definitely uninspired upon leaving.  Hopefully down the line we'll see a review update that can add a star or two...
This was my first time experiencing Caribbean food.  I must say the jerk chicken was pretty awesome.  Unfortunately, due to other issues, I will not be returning.  First, there were several items that were not available.  This was disappointing for someone trying this cuisine for the first time.  There were no patties or festival appetizers, nor plantains.  We were told that due to the holiday (MLK Day) they hadn't bothered to make these things in case it wasn't busy.  Second, we had arrived at 6:00 and then waited 40 minutes for the chicken to be ready.  Lastly, the only beverages were bottled drinks in the cooler, no fountain.  My jerk chicken was over $9 without a beverage.
I've tried to eat too many times at this place and can't seem to "love" it. The atmosphere is clean, quiet and I would suggest at least put some Jamaican songs in the background to attract flies. The only thing to me that is so so is the beef patty, but nothing beats New York...I can taste the difference. It's definitely not Golden Krust. I've had their jerk chicken with rice, again to me it tasted funny. I really don't think they're from the Eastcoast. So instead of complaining about it, I stopped going there period. I'll get to taste the real deal when i'm in Florida.
First time I came here I ordered beef patties.  They didn't have any cooked so I bought them frozen. It was a bit of inconvenience but it was still good!  Today I came once again no cooked beef patties and no frozen patties!! WTH!! Guess I'll find a new Caribbean restaurant.
I thought we found a good place for great Jerk Chicken, well not this place. for about $10 dollars you get very dry, over cooked, over spicy no flavor chicken that was cut up so bad you had to really be careful eating because of small pieces of sharp chicken bones. then they had a side of veggies which consisted of bland shredded cabbage with shredded carrots, and most of the plate was filled with white rice clumped together with drops of more over spicy Jerk chicken sauce. I was really disappointed with the quality of the food and way to pricey. The customer service, she was nice, the cleanliness was excellent. Too bad about the food. Anyone know of a great Jerk Chicken please let me know.
This is a local place I been wanting to try for a while now. Phoned in an order of jerk chicken and curry goat since that's what most people have given good reviews. The service was nice and friendly. When arriving, the place was quaint, clean and nicely themed for the cuisine.   The goat curry had really good flavor. However, it seemed like every other bite I chewed into a bone, and had to pick it out of my mouth. Not very pleasant. The jerk chicken was very dry and bland. The load of rice and side veggies were subpar fillers for a disappointing meal. I was really looking forward to finding a new local ethnic place. I am very surprised with the 4 and 5 star reviews.
Ellison Bistro was very unique.  The food and music have a interesting Jamaican feel.  The pumpkin/ butter nut squash soup I ordered was superb, but the main dish was disappointing.  The service was also incredibly slow.  I doubt I will visit here again.
Don't go here if you're in a rush because the wait is horrendous! It's a two person team; wife is the waitress, husband is the cook.  The sad part is that the food is not even worth the wait!  If you must, try the jerk chicken as that sounds like the most popular item people order around us.  DO NOT order the veal!  It was tough and blend!
Having met some of the owners before it opened, I really wanted to love this place. The location is perfect, the concept is fun, the atmosphere is exciting, and the decor is wonderful.  But now that the head chef has gone back to the originals back in California, the place is a train wreck.  They started off on the wrong foot by sending out the worst $12 hurricane I've ever had. For a signature drink, I expected... something. Not a glass of ice. With a little juice and the most unbalanced, disgusting mix of rum I've ever tasted.  The blackened fish sandwich they sent out had raw spots. Pink, squishy, a little cold. Whoever made it had no idea how to sear a fish.  The pulled pork was perfectly caramelized, really just amazing. But it was buried under a slaw that may have come from an inspired recipe, but was atrociously executed. It was completely inedible, and it ruined the pork as well.  The sweet potato fries were nice to munch on, but they were served with "Hula sauce," which our waiter accurately compared to In-n-Out's special sauce: Ketchup and mayonnaise.   After spending $40, we sent back most of our food and left hungry.
A group of us stopped in here on a Friday night, because we had heard it was finally open and wanted to see what it was all about. We all love retro type places and things, so the idea of a new tiki bar was kind of exciting!   Alas....it just wasn't a very good experience, even though our server was trying really hard to make it right. I would give him personally 5 stars for that. But it was just boring. I wanted it to be different, I guess. I know that the owners have worked really hard, and I can appreciate that very much. A lot of time and thought went into the decor, and it shows, if you like the watered down idea of tiki. (I liked the artwork.) There was just no....soul. When I think of tiki, I see over the top. It just seemed like another bland contemporary place to drink. Maybe if I was a young hipster I would have enjoyed it better. I asked for a daiquiri but they apparently don't do blended drinks. At a TIKI bar they don't?! I was amazed. Then they couldn't get my other drink choice right so the bartender sent a mystery drink over but didn't tell me or the server what it was. I didn't like it, and I didn't really appreciate just being thrown something randomly. I always carry the recipe for my drink with me, and even with that the bartender couldn't get it right. Also, the water we were served tasted terrible and had floaty things in it. I have very specific taste and I do know this, but I was really hoping for something better. None of us wanted to come back.
Just because the server will take back a poorly mixed drink or charred beans doesn't make it a good place to eat and drink.  The food at Hula's needs to be good and consistent, not just returnable.  On a Saturday night, four of us hit Hula's at 6pm.  What's so striking when you enter is how open the bar and dining room are to the patio, which needs a few more tables and chairs, I'd say.  Central Phoenix enthusiasts love a good adaptive reuse project, and the one at Hula's, especially because of the preservation of the impressive and large hexagonal window, puts it in the same category as Postino Central and St. Francis as far as an amateur's view of architectural renovations.  We started by sharing the sweet potato fries, which are on-par with Maizie's and even those at Delux.  They were crisp, evenly cut, and intensely creamy and sweet.  After this, though, it was downhill.  Though my companions enjoyed their drinks, my Zombie, served in a tall opaque glass with a mustachioed character who looked a lot like me, was poorly mixed, lacking lime juice, and faintly soap-tasting.  The server gave me a couple minutes to weigh the drink's future, and after agreeing to suffer through it, I changed my mind and sent it back.  (The Zombie would later still appear on the bill.)  The Dark & Stormy I ordered in its place, with dark rum and ginger beer, was drinkable, but inferior to the drink of the same name at St. Francis, which, for $2 more, tastes $4 better.  I think it's in the quality of the ginger beer.  My friend's fishcakes were mostly overcooked and had to be cut with a knife, like chicken.  The ceviche, though palatable, my other friend said, appeared dry and haphazardly plated with some giant tortilla chips.  As the lone veggie in the bunch, I ordered the Spicy Tofu Tacos, which come with a spicy chili sauce and a side of rice and black beans.  Though the food came out of the kitchen quickly -- 12 minutes or so -- I wish it hadn't.  The tofu, a recently unpackaged watery brick no doubt, was merely sliced, warmed (not grilled or fried or marinated over night), and dusted with chili powder; therefore, the tofu was tasteless.  The tacos were double-wrapped in flour tortillas, which created a thick, awkward mouthfeel, so I just used one of the tortillas on each of my two tacos.  But the most disappointing part of the meal was the rice and beans, which are hard to screw up.  The black beans were so badly burned in the pot that even their juices saturated the scoop of rice with their charred, charcoal (bad) smoke flavor.  I mentioned this to the server, and she later would deduct half of the plate's $11 price (though the extra Zombie remained on the ticket).  We passed on dessert and went to St. Francis and later Fez for drinks.  Hula's would be a great happy hour spot on the patio if it offers consistent drinks and some happy hour food specials.  Two stars for potential, and I will try once more.  As it stands now, though, an accommodating server cannot compensate for an inconsistent bartender, burned beans, and uninventive vegetarian options.  note: I am totally aware that restaurants don't have to cater to my or other people's various dietary preferences (i.e., vegetarians and vegans), and that I choose to go to these restaurants.  I just want some rice and beans to rely on.
'Meh...I've Experienced Better'  That is the perfect way to describe my experience at Hula. After reading the other reviews, I had the distinct impression that Hula was the kind of place that screws stuff up but is very nice about apologizing for it. That is exactly what happened to us.  I went to Hula after work on Friday with a couple of friends. I wasn't feeling too adventurous or particularly hungry, so I ordered the green salad. What I got was a soaked bowl of lettuce mix peppered with chinese buffet-style wontons. Yuck. My friend pointed out that he has an egg allergy, but the server brought out a dish with cole slaw, then took it back after he pointed out that cole slaw contains egg. The server then brought out the same dish without cole slaw, but with aioli. After pointing out that aioli contains eggs as well, the server finally brought out the dish without eggs. She was very apologetic, but it just validated the experiences of everyone else on Yelp....they work hard to correct things, but they should just get it right in the first place.  I do give them full props for the remodel of the space though, the building is beautiful.
I agree with Emily J.'s review.  I don't love Hula's but I like it!    We sat on the patio by the heat lamp.  It was pretty dark in on the patio around 6:30pm.  We sat, we ordered, and we waited, waited, waited for the food.  It was a long while before our food came out.  We did not see what the food looked like.  It was so dark out.  The food was alright, but nothing that will make me drive out to eat there on purpose.    The server was very friendly!  The hostess was a little rude.
Stopped in around 10 p.m. on a Friday and the bartenders were all arguing about who was going to go home first. And, oh yeah, they finally noticed us and took our order.   The drink was way too sweet -- it tasted like a watermelon Jolly Rancher -- and then I started to smell something rancid. Turns out it was a dirty bar rag sitting a couple feet in front of my nose. It stayed there ... and stayed there ... making me progressively more sick to my stomach.  I love the modern take on the tiki theme and quirky Chrysler-symbol floor-to-ceiling window. The music was decent. But I doubt I will go back, and I'll be surprised if this place lasts more than 18 months with this kind of care-less attitude.
Friday night and Im wanting to go somewhere with a cool atmosphere and some good drinks and mabey some good food. Well they had two out of three. The atmosphere is great. Love the patio with the fire pit and the bar is nice as well. I like this part of town and the restaurant fits in here well. The special drinks they have are great, I could suck them down all night,  but I was really hungry and could not wait to try the food. The food was very disapointing. Everything they serve has some crazy sause on it. I like sauces but I just feel they need a little more work on all the sauce i tried that night. The butterfish was cooked well and was great when I scraped all the sauce off of it. That fish is good and doesnt need a sauce like that. I understand the kind of food Im eating but mabey thay need to lighten  up the sauce a little. All the sauces I had seemed like they put a  mango and a pinapple in a blender and then poured it onto my food. You could not even taste the fish. It could be anything under that sauce and that would be all you taste. Then we went for the NY Steak sandwich. It comes with sauteed onions( enough onion for about 6 people) a roll that just falls apart the second you pick it up, and sliced steak that is way to thick and oh yeah one of those sauces again.  I dont mind my sanwiches being a little messsy but after two bites my sandwich looked like it was murdered and scattered all over the plate. When you took a bite everything fell out of the ass end of the roll. When I order a sandwich i dont want to assemble it after every bite nor do I want to eat my SANDWICH WITH A FORK. And again it could have been a piece of plasitic under that roll cause all i tasted was the sauce. I will say the sweet potato fries were not to bad. I dont like sweet potatos really but these were good. I did find out later that they do have regular fries but THEY DONT PUT THEM ON THE MENU, not sure why mabey cause they dont want you to be happy or they are just pushing the sweet potato fries. Whatever the reason I did not like that, cause I would have prefered regular fries.  Im there to eat and if you make it put it on the menu! Overall this place is cool and the servers are friendly, attentive, and knowlegeable about the menue     ( - the fries) but I think the Head Chef should sample all the dishes himself and think about what he is doing in that kitchen. This place could be so much better. Prime location, great atmosphere, just lacking in the food department. Im not sure if all the good reviews are from people that got sidetracked from the atmosphere or if they dont know food and thought they were eating something special or if they had to many drinks before the food. I wanted to like this place so much. I will be back for drinks and to relax by the fire pit but Im not sure i will eat here again.
Drink...don't eat.   The environment, with the light rail shooting by, is definately a great place to enjoy an adult beverage. Regrettably, the only thing cooler than the environment is the food...as in the serving temperature.  Speaking of cold - I have a natural tendency to dislike any non-ice cream item served with an ice scoop (like a grade school cafeteria - sides are scooped onto your plate).
"Meh. I've experienced better." = definition of 2 stars.   That is pretty much it in a nutshell.   I was looking forward to dining here. Things started off well, the ice tea was tasty, I loved the space and the overall concept is great.   I decided on the Black Bean Burger, even though the waiter could not tell me for sure what was in it and didn't even bother to ask the chef.   Bland, Dry, and Boring. Topped with rubbery Shitake Mushrooms and a greasy bun.....sigh.....I was looking for excitement, I wanted to be wowed, nothing happened when I put this food in my mouth, I was extremely underwhelmed.   My husband ordered the fish tacos. Served along side a pile of sticky rice topped with black beans and mayo? The rice was gluey, the cabbage in the tacos was soggy, it did not taste fresh at all.   The sweet potato fries were not bad, they were served with the "Hula Sauce" which is ketchup, mayo and pickled ginger.  Its flavor way OK but became cloying after one of two bites.   Something is just missing here, if you read the menu, it has potential for greatness, but ends up leaving much to be desired.   Sadly it looks like enough people like the sub par "Bar Food" that Hula's won't be likely to make any changes. :-(
Hula's looks like a great, retro place, and my experience since moving downtown last summer is that the restaurants in the area have friendly, attentive staff and interesting, delicious food. My boyfriend and I have been saying for months, "We REALLY need to go to Hula's!" So to celebrate the end of finals, we finally got the chance with another couple.  Hula's was one of the biggest disappointments of my life. My boyfriend and I got there before our friends and were told to select wherever we wanted to sit. So we did. And then no one looked at us again for a good 15 minutes. Finally another waitress who had a section nearby took pity on us and got us water and our drinks. Finally the person who was apparently our actual server appeared. By this time, our friends had joined us, and we realized it was colder than we thought and that we would be too cold to enjoy yourselves outside, so we moved to a table inside. Our server was very cooperative about this, which is why this place gets two stars instead of one (plus the margarita was yummy, and my boyfriend's "Zombie" was strong). The menu looks delicious, and I was hungry, so I decided to get the calamari. Our food took a rather long time for a pork dish, two fish taco plates, and calamari. And when it arrived, it was... ok. It was just ok. The menu had so much potential that I think that made the let down just that much more saddening. It didn't even look that great. I was looking forward to having non-breaded and friend calamari, but even pan seared, it was just so... ok.  Aside from the neglect we earned when we first arrived, the servers are not knowledgeable about the menu. Our friends had been there before, and for them, this was strike three. They said the first time they were there, the server didn't know what beers were on tap. There are two beers on tap. One is an IPA, which the server apparently described as "skunky." Way to sell it.  After finishing up, we went to George and Dragon, then to Dick's Hideaway and its companion, Rokerij. There, we had excellent service, food that tasted as if the angels prepared it, and terrific wine. And the more we thought about it, the more convinced we became that we will not be giving Hula's another shot.  One star is for the atmosphere, and the other is because my margarita was not overly sweet like so many are, and our server, when she showed up, was nice about us switching tables. But a restaurant in the downtown area cannot rest on those laurels alone. Hula's is really going to have to step up its game, but I won't be the one to test it out.
On balance I liked Hula Modern Tiki and would return.  That being said, my experience with Sunday brunch at Hula was rather hit or miss.  I debated between 3 and 4 stars in large part based on the service.  For a moment I considered giving them the benefit of the doubt because they were pretty busy and giving them the fourth star.  But service should be just as good when the restaurant is busy right?  Then came the goo.  I had French Toast with thick sliced bacon and maple syrup (according to the menu).  The French toast was very good.  The bacon didn't arrive and I had to ask for it - when it arrived it was good, no big deal.  The big deal to me was that the menu said MAPLE SYRUP.  The French Toast did not come with MAPLE SYRUP.  It came with some gooey, thick, out of the bottle syrup.  I'm sorry but maple FLAVORED syrup is not MAPLE SYRUP or anything like it.  FAIL.  I would not have ordered the French Toast if I knew it was being served with corn syrup instead of MAPLE SYRUP.  If you are not sure of the distinction here Hula, go somewhere that has crab on the menu.  Then, instead of succulent and tender crab have yourself some of that KRAB that is some unholy amalgam of whitefish, miscellaneous proteins and crab flavoring.  MAPLE SYRUP is runny.  It comes from Maple trees, not corn fields.
Really? "Ran out of brunch" at noon? That's your excuse?
Terrible service was just the start of my Groupon brunch experience. We arrived late on a Sunday morning, well after the crowd came through. When I sit down at any restaurant, I expect the wait staff to acknowledge me within a reasonable time. It took the waitress five minutes to even stop at the table, all the while checking in on the surrounding tables. Also, any time I visit a restaurant for the first time, I tell this to the staff, and ask for their recommendations on the menu. The waitress ignored these cues, and only asked what we wanted to eat.  After the long wait for drinks to come, one of my dining friends realized that her glass was cracked. I'm not talking chipped at the rim, but a crack all the way down the glass. When we finally get the waitress to alert her of the situation, all she says is "oh," picks up the glass, and walks away. Not even an apology for filling up a cracked glass in the first place.  I ordered the kalua pork and hash for my meal. Let me be upfront, that my standards for kalua pork are imu style. I understand though, that in metropolitan Phoenix, this isn't possible. The kalua pork here was just not good. If L&L can do a decent kalua with liquid smoke, I'd rather go there. The kalua looked more like a condensed pork stew, and was rather bland.   The location is good, as well as the dcor and ambiance, however that's about it. Not sure I'll return.
Business owner has indicated the customer service issues will be addressed with the affected employees. I appreciate the restaurateur's followup.
HIT AND MISS. MOSTLY MISS. GO FOR THE TUNA STARTER AND ORDER A DOUBLE PORTION; REAL HIT!  THE FOOD -- tuna sashimi dish is great value, great flavors. order it. -- coconut rum with watermelon liqueur a winner, if only the bartender would remember to add the fruit. do you need a recipe book? -- hash with eggs arrives eggs-over-hard despite my instructions for easy -- toasted english muffin slathered with butter, but not toasted. -- chicken salad's chicken was bland except for the rub on the edge. boo. -- taco plate features raw, unprepared corn tortillas. yeah, i can pull one from the bag and dump something in it too! why would i pay for that? -- salsa too salty -- cole slaw just not interesting, ends up a plate filler. blech.  THE DECOR -- hip sealed concrete, bulk tiki statues everywhere, and faux Eames chairs complete the hip look, framed by Green-Apple table shades and roll-up garage-door walls. -- designers kept the awesome hexagon street-facing window and high ceilings in the bar area. kudos.  THE REST -- starting to develop a pet peeve for "sauces" delivered via ketchup squirter bottle atop my item or side dish. IT GOES UNDERNEATH THE ITEM OR NEXT TO IT! OR IMAGINE.... IN IT. -- no reservation taken unless you've got six in your party. BOO. be ready for 30-minute wait in summer when no one's sitting outside.
After a couple of technical complications early in their operation, I've been back a few times and always come to the same conclusion: Go for the drinks, not the food.   At first I thought, "Maybe I'm just in a bitchy mood and it's throwing my taste buds off." But I've gone with different people and been mostly in a chipper mood so that wasn't it. Then I thought I was ordering odd items off the menu, but I've tried a variety of items from the brunch and dinner menus and come to the same conclusion. Finally, I decided Hula's is an awesome place to get a great cocktail. It's just meh on the food side.   Hula's definitely has one cool patio, amazing architectural features and mighty friendly staff. I just can negate the eating experiences to provide a better rating. It won't be my last time here, so I'm hoping I can update with a more sparkly review.
I was there Wed nite. I was with the party of 5, and I concur, it was NOT a good meal for any of us. Giving credit were I can, the ceviche, sweet potato fries and shrimp rolls were good. Other than that, the service was mediocre, the ginger in the cole slaw created  a bitter flavor, the sticky rice was not hot and had an added spice that none of us could name, and my pulled pork plate was just plain awful. The meat was smelly and tasted musty. I'll let our other guests describe their own dishes. As for Tracy D, we are NOT snowbirds, rather we have lived here for over 40 years...raised here, and own & run businesses here. We all dine out frequently! I think your comments to Patti S were pretty rude. A review of a restaurant is NOT a personal attack. Yelp was created for us ALL to voice our opinons. A bad dining experience happens. Unfotunately, this was one of those.
What happened to Hula's?  Went there 6 months or so ago and had a nice lunch.  Went there with friends 2 weeks ago and although the service was fine, two of us had the Coconut Shrimp Roll salad.  We each took a bite and looked at each other, there was absolutely no flavor to the shrimp rolls or the salad.  It's like all their seasonings were stolen.  We put salt on it, but it didn't really help.  As we were on our lunch hour, we didn't want to send it back and have to wait for something else.  But we did fill out the comment card telling them this and I left my email address.  I have not received any response from them.  We won't be going back.
The food wasn't nearly as impressive as the decor, glad the service made up for it. The pineapple wine was delicious.
So the drinks are ok and the food is fine and it's conveniently located and the service is good.  So what doesn't work about this place?  The very notion of postmodern clear-surfaced restraint applied to the inherent and necessary tackiness of a tiki bar. That's what doesn't work.  Tiki bars aren't places you see profiled in Modern Architecture. They are the bottom of the barrel of grandiose American bourgeois self-indulgence. Yeah, and the drinks should be exotic and strong. That goes without saying. But you can have a Zombie or a Dr. Funk of Tahiti in any Hilton. You go to a tiki bar to remind yourself of how tacky previous generations were in their attempts to stretch beyond the blandness of plaid polyester slacks from JC Penney and Oldsmobile 88's without leaving Des Moines.    To appreciate the tiki bar today we must approach with irony. However, Hula represents an irony in itself: A contradiction that is unresolved and leaves one asking "why?"
In two visits to Hula's, I feel it is a strong two star establishment and there are several reasons why I feel this way.  Food quality seemed good, but menu items I tried were fairly bland and not very interesting, though I do find this holds true at many "hawaiian" restaurants. Drinks here are stiff and during happy hour you can pick up a nice buzz for very little money, and this is a plus. The restaurant is nicely designed and modern feeling, hence the name Modern Tiki.   Televisions here, I'm assuming, are reserved for 50 year old batman movies, cartoons, and Hawaiian videos, since that's the only thing I've seen on the screens. I never understand movies in a bar with no sound, they don't make very good background ambiance as they are designed to be heard and draw you in. If sports were on, it would be great because you can glance up every now and then between conversations and see whats going on. You don't have to watch a whole plot unfold.   My last visit, after a day of mountain biking with a friend on Squaw Peak, we stopped here for happy hour and sat on the patio. They turned on the fire pit for us and even though we were seated next to it, it provided little warmth. The fire pit did however overwhelm us with the odor of propane burning. Oh well. We asked to split the bill, mine card and my friend's cash. We handed the it to the waitress and I said "put the remainder on the card" yet she came back with two separated checks... both charged to MY CREDIT CARD. I asked why I would want the bill split up on my card and where the cash went. She said she thought it was a tip ($13 when the bill was $22) and I said no, you were supposed to take the cash off, then put the rest on the card. Please refund my card the amount of my friend's meal, and apply his cash toward that. She argued thats not right and refunded both meals on my card, took the cash, and said we were good to go. I signed the bill but I wonder if I was ever charged. She was doing her business a disservice with her awful, awful, serving skills.  On another visit, the bartender spent my entire time there acting like he was too cool to be at work, I was bothering him by making him do his job, and I wasn't welcome to sit there.  This could be a nice spot if they cleaned up the service problems and added a little oomph to the food. For now, I say it's a pretty restaurant with good stiff drinks. Service and friendliness is half the battle though. Unhappy/dumb as rocks staff = unhappy customers.
The place itself was aesthetically pleasing. However, the food is a little pricy and quite greasy. I felt as if I was consuming 1800 calories with each bite of my food (granted, I did get the burger--it is possible that the fish was delicious albeit expensive). I would probably not go again, however.
I was prepared to love Hula's upon my first visit on a Wednesday evening.  We decided to have happy-hour appetizers as our meal and some Zombie's.  The drinks were great, however we weren't thrilled with the appetizers.   We had the sweet potato fries. They were under cooked, not good at all, and not even comparable to Fez's.  We barely touched them.  We had the Shrimp Rolls and the Fish Cakes.  The shrimp rolls were fair, a little greasy though.  The fish cakes were tough and tasteless.  They could have been silly putty cakes for all  I knew.   We also had the pulled pork tacos. They were fair, although they were served cold.   Maybe it was an off night. I see so many positive reviews that I'll give it another try.
This was my second experience with Hula's for brunch. Another big disappointment. I had the big breakfast sandwich. It does look really good. I ordered it specifically from seeing it on a table next to us. My companion had the hangover hash. Both were a big let down. I had the hash before so I was not surprised at that. The hashbrowns that accompanied it was I think probably the worst I have had, quite rubbery and tough. Its apparent that they had been cooked earlier in the day and kept warm until needed and maybe kissed the flattop before serving. The bread of my sandwich received similar treatment. It was toasted some time previous to serving. But by the time the bread hit the table it had lost any hint of being toasted. It looked toasted but it was soft as any plain white bread fresh out of a bag and bland. Maybe a brioche would have been a better choice. The sandwich overall was fairly bland. It could have used a little kick. Some better cheese maybe, or more flavorful bacon. Thankfully a couple slices of tomato saved the day. I will say the mimosas are cheap. Only $2 a glass. Kudos for that. Service was excellent. Very attentive. And the ambiance is great. If I hadn't tried the hashbrowns this time I may have given it 3 stars but I gotta knock em down to 2 stars due to the poor taste.
I was tempted to grab a grass skirt and wiggle into Hula's for their Tiki Time Happy Hour (Monday - Friday 3:30-6pm). But I opted for the Phoenix summer staple: a sundress and flip-flops. Love the mid-century modern feel. That gets a star :)  It was around 5:30pm and it was busy, but our server came over and took our drink orders when she saw us join a friend's table. I asked for Malibu and Pineapple and my friend Zombie'd out. We were given menus and she left without clearing any plates on our table, where our friends had several (not to mention a couple empty glasses).  She came back with the Zombie and told me they didn't have Malibu (what a disgrace to Tikiville's everywhere!!) but the bartender said I wouldn't know the difference and to bring me this. She set it down. I looked at her and said, "No, thanks." AUTOMATIC MINUS TWO STARS - one for NOT having Malibu and another one for trying to pass the fake crap off.  I ordered the Surfrider Chicken Sticks and Steak Tacos while my friend ordered the Mango Chicken Caesar (someone else in our party had ordered it and enjoyed it). She didn't take our menus and all of our drink glasses were empty. A few comments were made about this.  Ten minutes later, we get the Surfrider Chicken Sticks which were SET ON TOP OF MY MENU (damn, really??). They were cold. Decent, but cold nonetheless. My friend's salad came and I was told it would be a minute for the tacos. Another 20 minutes and they still hadn't come. Not to mention my empty plate SITTING ON TOP OF A MENU, empty water glass and my friend's empty glass.  A couple friends got up to leave and their empty plates and glasses remained even after WE got our check. I was billed for the tacos but I never got them. It took another 10 minutes for her to return with a correct bill.   Awful service, cold food, no food and a fake-Malibu serving bartender give this place ONE star in my book.
I was let down when I arrived for dinner here. My fish patties were over-cooked. When my dinner finally arrived the black beans were cold and the rice was hard and cold, and the chicken that came with my meal was not that great either. When I got home I had to use the bathroom immediately.
My dear Hula's, What happened today? Maybe it was the lunch rush, but that's no excuse. Our ice tea and water tasted very weird and slightly sweetened. If you're trying out something new, it's not a good idea. our food, which consisted of a lunch salad, sandwich and sweet potato fries took forever. The fries were cold, the ahi tuna very very over cooked and hardly any pink. Please get better soon. I will probably be back, but I will make sure it's not during lunch and that I order something different.
I love the design of this place and was really looking forward to trying it out.....had a fish burger and sweet potato fries that both arrived cold, a waiter who vanished constantly, but good drinks.  Felt sick for a few days after that.   Tried it again when a friend was passing through town who had heard good things.  Again, absentee server, cold/uncooked food, and again I felt sick for a few days.  Beautiful spot, but I cannot give it another chance.  :^(
Nice enough environment and service was pretty good but the food was unexpectedly average. Had a chicken caesar salad. The chicken was over-spiced (which isn't a totally bad thing) and it was overcooked and dry (which is a very bad thing). Lettuce was not particularly fresh and the dressing was inconsistently tossed. To be fair, I'll try it again and go for something different on the menu.
I'm torn on this rating.  Two stars is "Meh, I've experienced better.", and I have.  Three stars is "A-OK", which it  was.    Had the manager not compensated me for the ridiculously small plate of ribs I got, this review would be scathing.  But he did make it mostly right and that went a long way towards fixing the overall experience to a third star.  But two things about the third star:  I shouldn't have to feel like a cheapass by wondering if I got a full rack or a half rack.  The food didn't feel like anything special, which would have been acceptable if the prices were far lower.     Two stars it is.    Our party arrived on a Friday night--we were in the area, a little lost for a good place to go.  I remembered this place as a good hangout spot on a weekday night, which it definitely is.  Tonight, we were seated promptly and never waited very long for anything--the service was fast and top-notch.   However, i'm having difficulty with this whole hipster thing where the wait staff dresses in  street clothes.  It weirds me out and it's almost insulting for as expensive as the place is.    I totally dig the overall ambience.  The restaurant itself appears to be in a rehabbed auto mechanic's shop, creating something totally unique in a region of unique rehabs.  The comfortable patio hangs right off Central Avenue, creating a rare big-city kinda place in Phoenix.  The fire pit is just cool, they play good and fun music.   Ambience is about the one thing about this place that actually lines up with the price, contributing solidly to Uptown's burgeoning vibe.  The beer selection felt weak.  We didn't order cocktails, so I can't comment on that.    Going through our courses....The potstickers were good, but the thai peanut sauce just tasted weird.  The spicy edamame was an interesting twist but I didn't find myself very hungry for it   My friend ordered the cajun burger which he thought was "mediocre."  I ordered what turned out to be the smallest full rack of ribs in Arizona described above--the mango to the sauce was too slight leaving it fairly generic, altho the fries and slaw were pretty good.   The meat, yeah I wolfed it down, but in the end it didn't seem like anything to write home about.    The food and drink, all in all, felt more or less average.  The problem with average is in how much this place charges--I'm not going to give three stars to an expensive restaurant that serves three star food.     Given the other choices in the area that I still need to try out, I don't see much of a reason to come back for dinner again.
I realize the review page says Hula is not a place for kids but since it was 1:00, in the p.m. I figured my husb. and I could give it a try with our 3 year old and not give anyone a heart attack.  Mosly elderly folks at this time of day.  We were greeted timely enough and allowed to sit where we pleased.  Chose the booth seat against mirrored wall.  Our boy was well behaved, only a little loud happy talking here and there.  He coiored with crayons and paper that we brought.  Stayed at the table with us.    We were not told someone will be with you in a moment by other server who tended to others for about 5 minutes.  When our server came, we ordered tea, water, a fancy juice for our boy and shrimp rolls.    Shrimp rolls came before drinks.  They were crispy on outside but filled with imitation crab and only a few bits of shrimp.  Good sauce.  Tea and water came and then then a few minutes later the juice.  The boy enjoyed a big juice with cerrries, oranges, and an umbrella.  Husb. ordered a fish dinner with sweet potato fries, ceasar salad and mac n' cheese for our boy.  Would share.  It was a LONG time before main food finally came.  I asked about it as we all were getting antsy.  Server told us that it would be less than 5 minutes as they were waiting on the mac n' cheese.  She said sandwich (we didn't order a sandwich but we took it anyway) was ready and did we want it now, before the mac n' cheese.  Yes!  Sandwich and fries came out COLD and the salad came out warm.  All three tasty though.  Mac n' cheese came too and it was NOT hot.  All in all, maybe they didn't like that we had a 3 year old with us.  There was a group of young twentish girls giving us the eye.  Don't worry, we'll never take him there again.  Not sure if I'll even go with girlfriends for happy hour.
Great food Horrible service.
No no no I did not want this to happen with this place.... I've wanted so much for them always to have great reviews from me in fact after my first review I wasn't planning on another for awhile.... Let's hope it was just a bad day.... So it started okay with the appetizer suggested by John the bartender the beef kabobs great sauce.... From there downhill..... As I said in my first review this place is great cuz they dont try to be something their not so maybe I should have stayed with the fish and opted away from a rib eye steak it was horribly under cooked to raw to break down the marbling you get with a rib eye to keep it from being tuff..... But hey who orders a steak in the middle of the afternoon right.... Asked for fresh veggies and Wasabi mashed for my side's....... Ended up with french fries and mashed potatoes huh..... So quickly they remedied the situation with snap peas which I love but there was just something off about these can't put my finger on what it was........   I'm not happy about this review but in the interest of being fair it needed to be written..... I'm sorry guys but I'll be back heck maybe it was just me having a bad day....... Til next time
Nah so much Hulas. Nah so much. While I appreciate their bar, I don't appreciate the food. The entrees were not good. The only thing edible was the tuna poke. That's about it. Try aloha kitchen, it worth the drive.
We wanted so much for Hula's to be or favorite restaurant because to the atmosphere and the fact that we are from HI. It is disappointing to have bad meals there every time we try something else rather than fish tacos. The fish tacos are always good and it's our favorite dish every time we are there.  We tried the spicy Thai which is awful, a bowl of rice mixed with peanut sauce, chicken and raw cabbage. We also ordered Jawaiian jerk chicken, this is really a bad dish, it's smashed/pulled chicken with rice. The texture of the chicken is like smashed baby food with the taste of bland and grossness. I couldn't eat it so we ordered blackened mahi mahi with wasabi sauce. The fish is dry and salty.  We left feeling in such disappointement!
Went to Hula's with some friends recently. Lived in the area for years so we decided to hit this place up. The drinks were pretty good. Even if you dont like a lot of fruity drinks they have a full bar. Appetizers were okay but not particularly noteworthy. But the main dish of Jerk pork tasted great but made me sick later on that night. Almost as bad was the waiter who was polite but aloof which kind of Debbie Downer'd the experience. First and probably last visit. Too bad.  Anyone want my 5$ coupon for free food?
Terrible, terrible customer service. We wont be back.
First time there, the food was delicious, black bean burger, yum. Waited and waited to be greeted. Our waitress was very nice, but the place is understaffed. Wanted to order dessert after dinner but after sitting there for so long we were ready to go. So we asked for the bill, needed change to leave a decent tip ( I always leave at least 20% even if the service wasn't all that) but we gave up waiting for her to come back (after 10 min). Probably won't be back.
My wife and I recently visited since we live in the neighborhood. Both of us had visited before separately but it had been some time.   My main complaint boils down to lackluster service. We were looking for a semi-quick bite and to get on with our Sunday. We noticed the menu said that they had happy hour on Sunday so we ordered some adult beverages and appetizers. I then ordered a their Luau Pork Sandwich and my wife ordered the Pork Tacos from the happy hour menu (so we thought).   When the bill came it was quite large. Turns out only drinks were on happy hour. I am sure there was something that noted that fact but it obviously was not obvious since we both did not know this. In my opinion the server should have done a better job explaining the menu and happy hour deals instead of walking up and saying, "Can I get you something to drink?" I'm not looking for a line-by-line explanation of the menu but perhaps a quick overview of what is going on inside the 4-walls; especially when we order some things that any other day would be on happy hour. The server really just didn't seem to want to be there.  Nothing was horrendous about Hula's I just left feeling a bit bamboozled. Probably won't be back.
Went there for the first time last night as I was visiting my sister in Phoenix and I had read about it on here and was intrigued. Needless to say it was disappointing.  The pulled pork was greasy and inedible. The coleslaw tasted like mayo and was warm. This was the first time I've ever sent a meal back. It was that gross. The server wasn't in the least apologetic or surprised the pork was sent back.  At the servers suggestion we ordered Mai Tais and were unimpressed. We also ordered ahi tacos, the ahi bowl and the spicy chicken bowl which were all just ok.  There were flies landing on our food throughout the meal.  There was a table with 6 tipsy ladies that were so loud we could barely carry on a conversation at our table.  With all these issues, I won't be returning.
The place itself is nicely laid out and open and airy and there was a large TV at the bar where we watched the hockey game. My issue is that this is another place that does not know what happy hour means. Either have a damn good happy Hour or just don't have one at all. They have like 20 appetizers you can order, but only five of them are "On special" during Happy hour and each one is 5 bucks, which is about a $2 discount from the regular menu. It is the same story on the drink specials, mostly $2 off, but at least those can be had on almost every drink. The standard for my happy hour is 1/2 half all drinks and appetizers - don't pick and choose what you want us to eat. Beyond that, the food is overpriced for this part of town as well, averaging $15 bucks for bowls and some sandwiches. The Mai tai I ordered was not Tikki style at all, in fact there was no freakin pineapple either and it was served in a cocktail glass. I guess it is their twist, but that is just twisted. The Hurricane was much better and that had some rum floating and the missing pineapple was located in this drink. If they could do better on the HH food, then its worth a return.  UPDATE: was contacted by Dana the owner, who says "Some items I simply can't afford to run at 1/2 price (or even a big discount) due to the ever rising rent and cost of commodities"  Well, the recession runs both ways. You have to give a little to get a little these days. Further examining the menu, this gentleman is very tricky as lunch and dinner prices are exactly the same. At lunch, if you want fries or a side it's $2 extra for your $10 burger, but at dinner it's $12 and the side is included. Very tricky.
Trader Vic's closed down so you would hope that Hula's would pick up the slack and make a proper tiki drink, however just like with The Breadfruit, highly disappointing rum drinks  If you cannot make a proper Mai Tai, you should not call yourself a tiki bar.  Beachbum Berry has laid out the proper way to recreate a Mai Tai, and there is not much room for variation other than amount of lime or orgeat  Having tried 3-4 drinks here you can rest assured the place gives rum drinks a bad name, however most do - just disappointing to see another, and it is the only "tiki" bar around  Did not try any food, so no comment there
I have been here quite a few times and it is either a hit or miss. Happy hour is about the only reason I would go here anymore. Fish cakes and pork tacos are delicious. But I have had more things that I have been disappointed in with this restaurant. Also, their service is hit or miss; I have had some of the worst service of my entire life at this restaurant.
Extremely pissed off!!!!  They make this big fuss about a special event tonight for thanksgiving ITS 11:20pm and the kitchen is closed!!!  Seriously!!
I had an okay experience at Hula's, despite the Sunday night bartender passive agressively threatening to not serve my friend because he has his beanie over his eyes (note: I have seen said friend drunk before and this was not one of the times that warranted threats of non-service so rudely upon being seated.) My lobster bisque and pain killer was good...which I paid for and closed out in cash separately for each, $2 and $1 tip respectively.  I know this because I had exactly one $20 bill left on me and only had $2 remaining when I came home.  What ruined my experience here was my friend informing me that said bartender was claiming I never paid (even though bar tender asked, "You're closing out with cash?" each time) and trying to pin the tab on my friend AFTER I had left.  So unprofessional and completely his fault for attempting to charge us TWICE.  I question coming back after this incident.
with so many positive reviews on this place, I was expecting much better. Went with my gf on Monday afternoon. We ordered a spicy thai fish cake for appetizer, a mango bbq rib and a jerk chicken for entrees. The fish cake was ok but a bit salty. The ribs were a bit dry and DRENCHED in bbq sauce. The jerk chicken had too much spices so it was a bit salty and the meat had a mushy texture. The service was doing good but I wouldn't recommend this place to my friends.
Eh.  I had been wanting to try this place for so long and we happened to be in the area yesterday and decided to pop in for a happy hour drink.  I opted for the Tiki Bastard.  It was to be a mix of bourbon and gin along with a few other interesting things.   There was nothing interesting in it.  It basically tasted of soda water.  My husband tried the Hula's Hurricane.  Again, mediocre.    At least I can check this off the my list of places to visit,
I ate here two years ago and loved it. The service is terrible. We were billed for things we didn't order. The chicken tacos were good...if ordered at Baja Fresh. The kitchen ran out of desert 5 hours before closing on a Saturday. Do not go for anything other than happy hour.
This is a great place, the volcano I amazing. But do you know this place this got a Grade D from the health department inspection? This is the lowest grade you can get. The have found dead roaches in the bar the last 3 inspections, food not labeled with proper dates, and not at proper temperatures.  I will avoid this place now.
Second time eating here. Both times, great tasting food and fast efficient service. However, had a most unpleasant experience this time.  Family had the "butterfish" which most likely is escolar. Fast forward 30 hours and orange oily liquid is shooting out of my family's anus. Needless to say, I will not be eating here again: health danger.  I am a board certified emergency physician here in the valley. I was not very amused by this result from your food. However, after now reading that I am not the only one who has complained about this, I am incensed. Someone three years ago complained about the same issue. Your response: more or less is that not everyone gets diarrhea and I've eaten it a lot is not appropriate. It is reckless.   For the record, anal leakage of keiorrhea is not fun. It ruins your clothes not to mention your day. Perhaps this time you will take this more seriously.
This place should remove the food section on yelp or online about being Hawaiian. This is not Hawaiian food. The place is cool small ambience place. Service was good and friendly. Lunch menu was ok and I wasn't intersted in it and asked if I could order off the dinner menu and was told no; not til 3:30 ( it was 230).  The food portions are good. The kalua pork is not kalua pork and the rice seems like uncle bens.   I'm here for a wedding and gave it a try. I would come back to try some dinner options but not for lunch.   Just not my style   aloha  A real Hawaiian
Summary-only go to this place for happy hour drinks and food (HH food is only available mon-fri).   For the drinks and happy hour I'd give a 4 star rating, but our overall experience wasn't so great. We were given a menu and were quite happy with our appetizer choices only to find out those weren't served on Saturdays and the same with the dinner menu. If you are there for lunch on the weekend there is a separate small menu on the last page so don't get excited by anything on the 1st 3 pages because you probably can't order them and they won't tell you this until you try. They really need to have different menus for different days and times. Plus our salad wasn't very good and way over priced. The ceviche was good, but again way over priced if it isn't happy hour.   P.S. They had only 2 umbrellas for the entire patio which covered 1.5 tables leaving the remaining 10ish tables uncovered. Kinda lame for Phoenix
If you like bland food, slow impersonal service then this is the place for you. Just left the "Mother's Day" lunch. We don't know our servers name, we had to ask for drinks to be replenished, and left a tiny tip which I rarely do. But it is the reason I hate "posh" places. Blah. Spend $70+ elsewhere.
Menu items never change  SOME not all servers just seem to stand around doing nothing but bringing food out and above taking plates back leaving it entirely to bus boys  Consistency of food is lacking (poached eggs one day boiled another)  We only come here now when other friends convince us  I forgot to mention this part, the drinks are usually good when they do finally come out, and when made right the food is excellent and ingredients always seem fresh...
Went for brunch and was disappointed but based on the reviews I decided to give hulas another chance for happy hour  I would say drinks only. The food was bland as just sad ex: the rice not cooked and was actually crunchy
We entered Hulas Modern Tiki and immediately felt the wind Leave our sails. This A Frame style building resembles a cabin more than a tiki bar.  Very sterile and no cozy island vibe.  I ordered a Mai Tai. It arrived sour and unpalatable. The waitress offered to replace it with another drink. I ordered the Tropical Itch, suggested by the bartender who said it was a sweet drink. Again, a sour drink. Perhaps a mixer/juice was bad.  We ordered the Crispy Coconut Shrimp Rolls and the Abalone Style Calamari.  The calamari was good, but a bit soft from improper frying.  The coconut shrimp rolls were outstanding. We opted to skip the main course and go to dessert. We ordered the Coconut Creme Pie.  The pie was not the custard type but more of a cheesecake.  After getting a large glob of cream cheese which I had to sneak from my mouth to my napkin, we gave up and asked for our check.  The 2 stars are 1 for the shrimp rolls and 1 for our waitress.  We are leaving here disappointed and in need of a Good drink and dinner. This was a $40 lesson.
Had a fun UYE get-together with Brian S. & Norm R. today to give this little Venezuelan cafe a try.  I had a Carne Esmechada Patacon, which is a sandwich with slices of plantain for the top & bottom, fried crisp.  (A plantain is something like a huge banana.)  Inside was a moderate amount of shredded beef & some other things.  It was good, but it cost $6, & for a full-sized meal you would have to add a couple of other things in the $4 range, & end up at about $15 for your lunch!  For half the price, I would give it twice as many Stars.
I must say I really wasn't impressed. Saw this place on hot on yelp while cruising to get some fry bread and decided to try it the very next day.   I ordered the carne esmechada arepa and the jamon empanada. The arepa was tasty but really, really oily. By the time I got it back ot my office the oil had soaked through the wrapper and the bag (which I am usually fine with). But even after I got it out of the bag it was still dripping enough oil to run down my forearms. The empanada was drastically less inviting than that. It tasted like a small shovel full of beach sand, gritty and salted beyond recognition with almost no meat inside.  I give them props for trying to bring new food to this area but I still probably won't be back....
I went there the other night for dinner.  Granted, I was there early but other than two people sitting talking in the restaurant, there was nobody there.   I ordered a Chicken Arepa, Shredded Beef Empanada, and the Ground Beef Pastelito.   The kid who took my order behind the counter said it would take 15 to 20 minutes.  I couldn't figure out why it would take so long-maybe they had a lot of take out orders for pizza (they share the same kitchen with Rosati's).  Instead of taking 15 to 20 minutes, I'm waiting there around 30 minutes, the kid has disappeared, and once in awhile, I see some other guys in the back.  They must know I am waiting, but not once does anyone come out and tell me that my order will be out shortly.  Finally, some other guy who looks like he could be the boss asks me what I ordered.  I tell him, and he brings out my bag, which seemed to have been sitting there for who knows how long.  It seemed hot so I left and did not complain.  As far as the food, never having had an Arepa before, I was not too impressed.  It was somewhat bland and it tasted like a taco.  The empanada was incredibly greasy.  The Pastelito was the best-the ground beef was tasty.  I might go back and try some other items on their menu but they need to improve on their customer service especially when there is virtually no one in their restaurant.
I went to My Arepa for the first time today and was not happy. I tried the reina pepiada arepa and as someone already mentioned, the arepa was dripping in oil...I ordered it to go and by the time I got home (about 10 min) it was super cold and the arepa had soaked up all the oil and it was very unpleasant to eat. The prices don't seem bad at all and the staff was very courteous however I doubt I would give them a second try...sorry!
Jumped on the groupon offered last week for My Arepa.  I had very high hopes.  Tried the Grilled Meat Medley ($14). There was this gristly carne asada thing in there, along with a small link of chorizo, and a blood sausage. None of these sausages were sufficient in size, and neither was the wad of hyde they tried to pass off as "steak". There was also a few lumps of fried yucca. Those were alright.  Also ordered a few Arepas ($4-6 each).  They were the size of a McDonald's cheeseburger.. the corn bread the meat sat on was OMG SO DRY AND STALE, and the filling inside (meat + gouda) was greasy, bland, and gloppy. This is some really overpriced, sad food. No me gusta!
This is my first time using Groupon. It's one way to enjoy various cultural experiences without investing too much money just in case. Obviously the restaurant can well benefit from the exposure without costing them too much. It's $20 voucher that I've paid $10 ahead. The restaurant only got $5 I believe. And I did Yelp! extensively before hitting the BUY button.  I understand that it's hard to find authentic foods in USA. Everything is Americanized for one reason or the other. Most Americans I know (not those that I don't know) can't handle strange taste, texture, weirdness, repulsion, and various dislikes. And I know that it's hard to get the same fresh or processed ingredients and spices from home countries.  Those are my pet peeves alright. And there is one more before I get onto the review. Comparison can be deadly.  I have tried Latin American foods (including Yucatan, Oaxaca, Belizean). So my knowledge is nil on Venezuelan foods. But I do have taste buds and experiences from various food cultures.  Overall. It sucked. I was referring to the taste, variety, and uniqueness. It didn't worth my dime. My friend and I had the Media Bandeja (1/2 the regular portion) for $25. The big plates came with 2 big serving of steamed white rice, 2 small cups of black beans sprinkled with cheese, half an ordinary avacado, 2 fried eggs (Chinese style, I cooked that all the time), 2 plain arepas (round flat breads), one chorizo sausage, one blood sausage, 2 scopes of shredded beef, one small steak, few green plantains, and few sweet plantains.  The blood sausage tasted like burned tired. I had blood pudding much tastier and smoother and more colorful that that. I grew up with blood pudding. Yummy!!! That maybe the reason that I'm vicious now. Heed my warning, it's not good for cholesterol.  The steak had tasty flavor; it's ordinary though. I believe it's 5 oz shrunk to 3 oz. The shredded beef reminds me of sloppy Joe. It's OK for the taste. The sweet plantains are regular fried plantains as found in some Chinese buffets or regular dessert menu. It's good for the sweetness but nothing more than that in this restaurant.  If you give me a steam bun or silver thread roll (both are steamed rice dough), I can tell how much salt it contains, the chewing satisfaction, the freshness, and the steamed distinct aroma. And I can eat it plain. Arepas? What's that? It's an tasteless, odorless, chewy carb that didn't excite my taste buds a bit. Boring!!! Honestly, I had no clue how special it was supposed to be. It tasted better after I stuffed avocado and shredded beef inside.  The green plantains were like hard cardboard. Fried carb without taste, but it has a green tinted color.  My friend also ordered Tequenos (fried breaded cheese sticks)... really tiny for $1 each. Chinese egg rolls ($1 each) are twice as big and they are greaser and tastier. (I ain't a size queen).  The Empanada Ham Queso was so tiny with 2-bite size for $4. Come on... are you kidding me!!! Calzones are more complicated and much bigger with ham and cheese and more ingredients, for similar price. (Again, I ain't a size queen).  My point is that it's so ordinary that I couldn't see the cost value especially for Bandeja. I can serve up the same plates at home with minimal cost. I know the restaurant needs to earn money for cooking, serving, paying wages, and renting the space.  We were the only table that night. The wait service was ordinary... between a bus boy and minimalist. The ambient was plain... and not a place you expect to pay $40 for two (before Groupon).  So diners, I enjoy a chance to have a different cultural experience. You should give it a try. Due to a lack of familiarity, the foods tasted bland and boring. I don't feel like gaining any new knowledge except a few words on the foods. I feel like they were serving home cooked meals or peasant foods as ambrosia and they charged accordingly. That's my problem with this restaurant. And I have a totally different experience than the Yelpers here.
Boiled everything, soggy tostones, arepas bland, Rosatis and My Arepa are sharing kitchen and dining area? Weird.? Overpriced for what it is.   Hard to order, awkward, also dry blood sausage
I wanted to love this place so bad considering I've lived in Venezuela and hadn't tasted some of this country's food in over 17 years.  However it pains me to write that I was pretty disappointed.  The server, who is assume owned the restaurant, is a very nice guy but forgot my stepson's food and didn't realize until 15 mins after he dropped off our food.  My cachapa was burnt and dripping with butter.  Don't get me wrong, cachapas usually are rockin with butter but this was oozing everywhere.  The arepa was pretty decent and the only saving light of the meal but overall this experience left me wanting more.
Food was just OK. Service was lousy. I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas. I should have stayed at work and eat my stuffers pizza & take a nap. Very dissapointed!!!!!!
Can't comment on the food.  After 20 minutes and no server we left. Too bad my wife and I enjoying new dishes.  Not recommended!
The restaurant was much to be desired.  Food was bland. The empanadas was a good size but a minimal amount of meat was in the empanadas itself.
The food was pretty good, but there was a hair in my sandwich. I obviously couldn't finish, I was very disappointed!
I sadly have to downgrade my review..... I don't know what's happening here, because this was such a great little place with a super friendly owner, but lately service and food are not reaching par.  Just the other day we ordered delivery, about 12 arepas for 6 of us. The order took almost two hours to deliver, we called 4 times asking what was up (our house is litterally walking distance from My Arepa, we should have just picked it up, but when you pay extra to have something delivered, it's because you can't pick it up, right??)   When it finally came, there was no apology or discount for the inconvience.... The worse part was that part of the order was wrong! I ordered two "queen of queens" arepas (their specialty), which is just chicken and avocado, however mine came without the avocado! And about a tablespoon worth of chicken ;/ come on! How do you forget one of the main ingredeints? of a total of THREE ingredeints??   We also had ordered extra sauce (which, the green sauce is what MAKES the arepa), so of course, there was none in our order..... I was so mad, I decided to just go over and get some myself (as I said, I live accross the street) When I asked for 5 containers, the cook brought me 3. I asked for two more. o_0   and instead of giving me new arepas (remember, I was missing the avocado) the cook spent a whole extra 10 minutes slicing some avocado and putting it in a to-go box to add to my now cold arepas. (and by the way, there was a total of ONE customer in the restaurant when this took place)  NOT very happy at this point.   And to add to it, I find out later that one of the girls in our party ended up with a stomache ache that night....having a  delivery order driving around with chicken and mayo products for two hours is bound to make someone sick......  and it did. :/   I hope things change, because I really used to like this place.....
Appears to be out of business. The door was locked and the phone was disconnected.
Have to say the food was OK- not sure if we ordered the right stuff.  Asked for White meat didn't get it... Service was horrible- credit card machine didn't work.  Food is very pricey for what they gave.   for 1 leg and 1 thigh fried chicken with side of rice and corn- cost me 12 bucks with Water to drink.  No lunch specials as well...   I will give it another try but for now- buyer beware.
Saw the Grand Opening sign and decided to stop in. My meal consisted of a jerk chicken sandwich on white hamburger bun, an order of festivals (small cornbread type things), and juice drink (mango and pineapple juice mixed with simple syrup).   The jerk chicken sandwich was tasty, but really small. Not sure it was worth $5.25. The festivals were really dry. They could have used some sauce or gravy to go with them. The juice thingy was quite tasty.   In the end, I spent about $14 dollars and left hungry.   Did give feedback to the owner. Not sure if they will act on it.
Ocean Blue is a little mom and pop carribean joint in a Chandler Blvd strip mall.  I feel bad for the owners as they see how packed Subway is next door.  I guess it's hard to compete with five-dollar footlongs.  The restaurant used to be burrito chain, and the inside looks roughly the same as it did before.  It's an odd layout where the tables are cramped by the bar, which seems always empty.  I brought a real live Jamaican guy with me for lunch, so I could get his opinions as well.  It turns out that I didn't need much expert insight.  We opted for the buffet which had exactly 5 items:  jerk chicken, blackened tilapia, mayo-based macaroni salad, red beans & rice, and some kind of  cinammon pie for dessert.  Notice there were no vegetables.  However, there was no red meat or fried items, so it wasn't totally unhealthy.  The jerk chicken was bone-in dark meat pieces that had nice flavor but not much heat.  Everything was good (except the dessert), but nothing was outstanding.  I even enjoyed the macaroni salad.  There just wasn't much variety, and the food suffered from "looking like something I could make myself at home", even though I'm usually too lazy to do so.  The dessert was the lone disappointment.  It tasted like pumpkin pie mixed with stale cornbread.  Well, the Jamaican guy liked it, and the price was only $8, but I still can't go above 2 stars for this place.  The buffet items change daily, and they have a non-buffet menu, so maybe a 2nd experience will wow me more than the first.
I have been craving for a Carribean restaurant near my work place for a while.  I've heard of Ocean Blue for a while but never made it there.  My friend Howie tried the buffet and said it was okay.  We decided to come back and order off the menu.   We got one of each Jamaican pattie on the menu: curry chicken, jerk chicken, beef, and spinach.  They were flaky but sitting in the warmer for a while.  The curry chicken was the most flavorful of the bunch.  Next we got the jerk chicken sandwich and jerk turkey burger.  Howie mentioned the turkey burger tasted like it was homemade.  My burger was okay, but the chicken was dry.  For the price of $5.95 / burger, it seems a bit steep for lunch.  The owner did give us festivals on the side for free.  We weren't really sure what a festival was, but it seemed to be deep friend semi-sweet dough.  Service was a bit slow with us waiting for refills and the check.  Overall, the meal was okay.  I've had better, especially at Breadfruit in downtown Phoenix.  I probably won't be back unless I get a deep craving for jerk chicken at work.
Went back because a friend had a groupon.  Technically, it was a groupon wannabe from VoicePlaces.  We skipped the buffet and ordered off the menu.  We tried once of each Jamaican pattie flavor (beef, spinach, jerk chicken, curry chicken), and made 2 safe sandwich choices (jerk chicken and jerk turkey burger).  The patties were all tasty, and they were a good value at only $2 each.  I particularly liked the curry chicken and the spinach flavors.  The sandwiches were disappointing... very small with no side dishes for $6 each.  The waiter threw in a free order of "festivals" for us, but they weren't as festive as one would imagine.  They were just fried dough and empty calories.  Think beignets without any powdered sugar.  So, it's worth checking out this place for the $2 patties and $1 beers during happy hour ($2 Red Stripe), but that's about it.  Nothing else seemed outstanding or a great value, and the ambience leaves something to be desired.
I went to Ocean Blue with a friend on our "ethnic dinner" night. I was a little leery after reading the reviews, but the experience was more disappointing than I expected.   The Bad:  - Service. We ordered and received water promptly. After that, we never saw our server again. A different server brought our food and then disappeared. My water glass was empty for the last 45 minutes I was there with no one offering to fill it.  - The food. I specifically asked our server if the Goat Curry was fatty. He said no, not at all because it is a very LEAN cut of LAMB (!!) that has the consistency of beef. Ok. First, why advertise it as Goat if it is truly Lamb? Second, the meat that came out was covered on every side with a thick layer of disgusting fat. After I cut it off, there was a little piece of meat the size of a corn kernel left. GROSS! For $10.99, I got a pile of mushy, inedible fat ON THE BONE, three festivals (reminded me of a sweet cornbread), and wafer-thin plantains that were overcooked and soggy.   The Good:  - The curry that the Goat/Lamb was cooked in was very tasty. I dabbed my festivals in the sauce to liven them up a bit.  - Cute restaurant with the Caribbean theme.   And that's all, folks. What an utter disappointment. Skip this joint or at least the Lamb called Goat and plantains.
The food is good if you like very hot and spicy.  The two of us enjoyed a shrimp appetizer, goat meat, and jerk chicken.  The sides were also tasty.  The cleanliness and atmosphere were just so-so.  They must have a problem with people not tipping since there are several signs requesting patrons to remember their servers. (It does kind of look like a fast food place).  We were surprised when we received our $29 food bill to see that $7 was automatically added for tip.  Our service was good but I was glad I noticed the generous tip was already added on to the bill.  Not sure if we could have asked to have it removed, but we did not try. There are so many places in the area that are so much cleaner and better.  We wanted to try it, but will probably not be back.
Didn't like the service, too slow, and Jerk seasned items didn't have that sweet spice/savory flavoring that most Jerk items have. Most have that grilled taste also, theirs didn't. The fried chicken was over cooked.  The Festivals were terrible weren't crispy at all! just tough and doughy.  The Jerk Chicken Wings just taste like hot boiled chicken wings with darkend skin.  Glad I had a coupon so I didn't have to pay full price. I won't be back.
Food is good, loved the jerked chicken, but the service is bad, bad, bad.  I have been to OB four times.  The first time the cook waited on us and the service was great.  The next three times, not so good.  The feeling that they give is that they could care less that you came in or if you come back.
Went in with a co-worker and fell for the 'buffett'.  It wasn't any good.  I could have had better from a frozen TV dinner.  The chicken was covered in black spices and the tilapia was deep fried with some kind of flavor I could not identify.  To make it worse, I tried using my Groupon discount and was denied because this was the 'special' and it was not accepted.  In the end, my co-worked ended up eating white rice with some terrible chicken and I had some heart burn city tilapia with white rice.  Not recommended.
Took my family here and it was a big disappointment. The food was one thing but the service was also terrible. I noticed the food was previously frozen and then the one person that was there was behind the bar, hostess, waitress, and all positions that were needed. I will never go back here mainly because of the horrible taste of the food. Nobody in my family liked it so I wont waste my time or money here again.
I've been coming here for a while and the food has always been good. Unfortunately it is the service that kills this place. Today I watched them completely ignore the phone as it wrung with potential orders and they were out of rice and peas at 5:30p. Good luck ever getting a patty after 2pm! To the owners... Invest more in your service as I doubt I am not the only customer you have lost because of it. Just to clarify, they don't have bad service (rude people), they have no service. One person taking calls, taking orders, expediting, bar tending, cleaning, and helping in the kitchen. Ridiculous!
Stopped by for lunch with friends from work.    I had the Jamaican jerk chicken.    The chicken was very flavorful.   The festivals were every bit as good as those I had in Jamaica.  The food was slow to arrive.  If you are going for lunch and are on a tight schedule this is not the place unless you arrive early enough for the buffet.  The price was high for the serving size.  Overall it was a nice change from the usual lunch fare.
The food was mediocre. I had high hopes of the food, but was somewhat disappointed. It wasn't nasty,  it was just nothing to write home about.
I was really excited to try this restaurant, and tonight my husband and I came and ordered food to take-out. The service was very friendly and the store was clean, cute, and colorful...but the food was very disappointing. My husband ordered the curry chicken, and although it tasted okay, he literally almost choked on tiny bones in the meat 4 or 5 times. I asked ahead of time if they used white meat and was told yes, but the "Calypso Pasta" I ordered had tiny, tiny pieces of dark meat jerk chicken...instead of the boneless white strips I was expecting, and really it was just mediocre. I'm bummed I wanted to like this place.
Inspired by Nikki Buchanan's review of this place in the AZ republic today, I ventured out on my lunch hour, hopeful and enthusiastic about a great sounding lunch.  I arrived at 11:20 and was stupefied by the surroundings.  6 tables with enough space for 4 were spread out over a largish space, and a bright red sofa sat in a corner.  However, the walls are painted multiple colors, and not in a oh what a pretty rainbow sort of way, but more of a damn we ran out of this color oh well lets just toss up another kinda way.  Normally this wouldn't bother me, but it wasn't until 11:29 that I was even greeted, and 11:32 I was seated, so I had plenty of time to look around and nitpick.  BTW, there were 3 other people in the restaurant!  Ridiculous.  I was thankful I beat whoever was behind my be mere seconds walking in, who wound up waiting so long after me he switched from a dine-in to take-out order.  With that negative bit out of the way, I was ready to dig in to the oxtail entree, $11.99, so glowingly praised.  Braised to a wonderful degree, it had great texture, flavored in a brown sauce with very slight garlic undertones, and the marrow/cartilage/fat bits were the perfect sidekicks to the meat.  The accompanying rice with peas were great, and even the cabbage had a wonderful tenderness to it.  The plantains were crispy, sweet, and the perfect finishing note to my meal.    So why the 2 stars?  Well, the opening service, and that I received my iced tea about 10 minutes into my meal with half of it gone.  If they were swamped, I'd understand, but there were 5 of us in the 50 or so minutes I was there.  Everyone was asked if they wanted a receipt and everyone said no, due to I believe a fear of wasting even more time.  So in summary, the food was delicious but the service so bad I don't know if I would go back, and I don't think I have ever said that before.
This place could have been my closer to home version of Hot Pot, but it just doesn't cut it.  Service was slow, the food was alright but wasn't exceptional.  Having non-english speakers working for you is one thing if you hide them in the back but having them bring our food and not knowing what the word "sweet n low" is (brought us sugar) and not knowing how to pronounce the dishes he brought to us is just not the best way to do things.    I had the curry goat which was decent.  It was not fall of the bone tender like I prefer those style of dishes but it had good flavor.  I think the sauteed cabbage was over-cooked and too soggy.  The ice tea we ordered was pre-sweetened which would have been nice to know beforehand.  It also was $2 on the menu but $3 on the bill.    I haven't had any luck with places in this shopping center.  Tom's BBQ is an insult to people with taste buds, and SomeBurro is average at best.  Maybe I'll give the place another shot but not before I try some new places and I get tired of driving over to Hot Pot.
Came here for takeout.  I was feent out (yes, I said feent out) for some Caribbean food (other than my own).  And the Caribbean restaurants are few and far between out here.  On top of that, I'm a veggie.  So I was excited when I learned of a spot that touts healthy Caribbean food.  As a Caribbean girl, I wanted to love this place, but... CONS: Curry Tofu was not as firm as I like, spicy but lacking seasoning to balance it out, only 3 slivers of plantain. PROS: Large serving sizes, clean, homey, friendly hosts, late hours, Caribbean map drawn on the wall :)  I will definitely give them another shot, as I know many people don't know how to cook tofu properly.  Since they are Guyanese, I'll give the vegetable roti a try next time.
I came here with my friend Tom as part of our adventurous food tour of Phoenix :-P The place is cute, very small and colorful. The woman who worked there (owner?) was friendly and helpful...she answered all of my questions regarding the menu. She told me the Jerk was the spiciest, followed by the curry, then the stew I believe. So we ordered Jerk chicken and goat curry. So here was the problem. None of the food was the least bit spicy. Like...not spicy....at all. Second problem: There were A LOT of bones in the food...like choking hazard....I would cut off the smallest piece of meat and somehow it would have like 2-3 bones in it...who even knew that many bones existed in chicken or goat? The flavors were alright, but nothing special. Vaguely like Indian food. The rice and beans tasted alright, but some of the beans were undercooked. The plantains were good, or at least the ones on my plate, but they were inconsistent, as the ones on Tom's plate were soggy and not cooked enough. We each ended up paying, with tip and all, 15$...that is ridiculous for the quality of food we received. I feel bad for saying it but I probably would not go back....sorry guys!
So, I had The Jerk Chicken, Rice and Peas With Plantains And Cabbage. The Rice and Peas were the best thing about this place everything was was not good at all.  The Jerk Chicken had no flavor no heat at all and if you had Jerk Chicken you know it should be spicy. I had better places. This as my second time here I forgot the reason why I didn't go back now I know. Will not go back again
I finally had a chance to dine here and it was just ok. This definetly is not the worse and its not the best Caribbean food I have had. I like the vibe of the place..from the pics on the wall...the map of the islands..not to mention the familiar reggae tunes that were playing in the background. I had the chance to sample the Jerk Chicken, it was ok....a little dry, as if it had been sitting for a while. I will try to give a one more try, maybe I went too late in the evening..but we will see. I will update you yelpers later
This is one of the few times Yelp has let me down. We love Caribbean food and was excited to try this after reading the good reviews.  I would give it zero stars if I could and I rarely feel that way about the restaurants we visit.  We arrived a few minutes before 11am and had to wait outside for it to open. At 11am, the owner opened the doors and let us in. The dining room lights were off and the blinds were closed so she began to open the blinds and turn on the lights. It was very hot in the dining room.  We assumed she had been in the back prepping food for opening but we assumed wrong - more about that later.  Another gentlemen walked in the same time as we did and while we were looking for the menu, he said he wanted a to-go order. He asked for a couple items but was told "we don't have" so he finally settled on jerk chicken.    I went up to order while other half went outside to sit at the table on the patio as it was way too hot to be inside. I too was told on several items that "we are out". I was ready to give up but finally settled on the jerk chicken and the chicken curry.   Now after reading the reviews, we were prepared to wait quite awhile for our food and was surprised when it arrived almost immediately.  The first bite I took of my curry - it was crystal clear that it was leftover as it was cold and the sauce was separating. Since I have no idea how long this leftover had been in the fridge, I opted to not eat it. The plantains were delish and the rice/beans were just okay (not much flavor).  My other half eat his plantains and rice and beans but was avoiding the jerk chicken so I asked him why. He said he didn't want to get food poisoning as we had a 2 hour drive back home! He did take one bite of the jerk chicken and said it was exactly as he thought it would be - reheated slightly, cold, very greasy and slimy on the outside.    Now we know that the owner was not in the back prepping food as she had just arrived minutes before unlocking the door!
Growing up in the caribbean, I soooo wanted to like this place.  Really, I wanted to.  They are guyanese, which is one of my favorite caribbean versions; I grew up with many guyanese friends and know the flavor profile well.   We stopped in for lunch - place was empty.  Perhaps a dinner might be better; I got the sense that they were still prepping for the evening, so lunch is whatever they have on hand.  They were out of curried goat.  They didn't have enough of the oxtail to make up my meal, so they gave me what they had and added some stewed chicken.  The beef patties were commercially bought ones - very disappointing.  I'd hoped they made their own here. Overall, flavors were average.  The sparse caribbean restaurant options in Phoenix gives this place a pass on the flavors - it's better than not having any, but nothing to write home about (at least not the lunch I had). The owners are friendly, and the place is relatively clean (tables a bit sticky, however).   I really want to like them, so I'll give them another try - this time a dinner when I'm in the neighborhood.  Perhaps go with the more traditional roti and curry goat.... IF it's available!  Reserving judgement for now.....
:)
Jerk chicken, plantains, whatever- it's a great selection of Caribbean food, which is a flavor we don't get much of around here.   But man, I've been to cemeteries with more cheer than this place. I almost expect to see passed out drunk bums inside.
Let me preface this two-star review by saying I'm sure my negative experience here was a fluke and that I am in the minority.  But here's the story, morning glory:  Got to DW Bistro, sat down, our waitress looked a little frazzled.  Ordered a lemonade and was told that drinks were running behind.  Finally got the lemonade 10 minutes later.  Waitress came over and took order for food.  And we waited.  And waited.  When the table next to us (who sat down AFTER us) got their food before us and we gave a quizzical look, the waitress came over and admitted she forgot to put in our order because she was helping another server with his table, and she put it in JUST NOW.  Ok...that sucks, but thanks for admitting the mistake.  And we waited some more.  Then a table who ordered their food AFTER the server really did put our order in got their food before us, too.  By now, my husband and I were upset.  We were told they would take care of our bill for us and apologized again.  The silver lining: when we finally did get our food, it was pretty amazing.  I got the grilled vegetable sandwich and my husband got the BLT (which is HUGE and you need to eat it with a fork and knife).  Be careful of the bacon...it's jalapeno bacon and very, very spicy.  I'm giving DW Bistro two stars because even though the food was delicious and I thought it very respectable that they gave us our meal for free, the service was pretty horrific (10 minutes to get drinks, 35 minutes to get food) on this visit.  I have hope for this place and WILL try them again, and then hopefully I can amend this review.  But for now...2 stars.
Went for lunch..  -waitress Tanya looked like she was on crack. Girl acted like she was all that..  -asked to change our table and she made it sound like such a big hassle. Its like shit I dont get whats so hard about it.. Its not like there was more than 15 tables. But somehow we were moved from table 30 to 80 but whatever. -the "sandwiches" were on hamburger buns -took 30+ mins to get our food. 2 parties were served before us.. But they came after us. Tanya said it was because our appetizer order went in first.. Wtf? Why do the orders go in separately? I fall back because I ordered an appetizer? Makes no sense. -place looks like ikea -white and white-wash friendly place. Too bad we weren't. -no caribbean customers so place dont seem legit -extremely loud, the place echos  One star like the 1 tip I left tanya.
My girl and I went here for an early dinner yesterday.  For starters, we waited over 5 minutes before a server even came over to greet us.  No big deal.  Drinks came out quickly and soon the appetizer we ordered (chicken lolipops).  It was pretty good albeit just dressed up, snazzy chicken wings.  I ordered the filet and my girl ordered something that we later found out, after waiting 10 minutes that the kitchen was out of.  So, she ended up ordering the lamb.  We both ordered our meals medium.  It took over 40 minutes to get our meals.  Pretty bad considering there was only 3 other tables filled in the restaurant.  When our food came out my filet was burnt and my girlfriend's lamb was extremely rare.  I told the server of the problem with my filet and sent it back.  Didn't send back the lamb because my girlfriend had loaded up on bread during the hour and 20 minutes we had to wait to get our food and she wasn't hungry anymore.  Another 30 minutes pass and I finally get the new filet only to have it also well done.  I didnt complain, just accepted it and asked for a togo container for both meals.  We got the check and I was told the cook was new and was in training and the server apologized for the screw up on our meals.  He then said that instead of charging us for 4 glasses of wine that he only charged us a bottle.  Fantastic, I thought until I saw how much each glass cost.  I dont mind paying a good bit for a quality meal however in my opinion just about everything except for the chicken wing appetizers was mediocre if not subpar.   I have had better mashed potatoes out of a box.  I ended up paying over $100 including tip.  Grossly over charged considering the experience and the quality of the food.  After spending over 8 years as a server and front of house manager in restaurants I know what to expect and how to treat customers.  We should have never been allowed to pay for the filet and the manager should have dropped by to ask and comment on the filet.  Totally unacceptable experience we had.  We won't be returning to DW Bistro ever again.
I decided to check this place out ,been on the radar for a few months .  It was pretty empty, kinda scary.             I got the chix curry soup DW salad as starters the soup was a little salty for my taste it had a nice curry / coconut flavor , wife loved it.        we also tried the jerk chicken salad the chix was flavorful ,but the breast looked like half of one very small., it came with jicama , orange, mac nuts and a mango vinaigrette. The salad was dressed really light ,for my taste.      I had the braised short ribs with a port bordelaise sauce the short ribs were tender but the sauce was  thick and had a non discript flavor , kind of muddled flavors.   It was on a bed of mash sweet pot? It was orange  like sweet potato,but did not have the sweetness of sweet potato? The color threw my taste buds for a loop, because every bite expecting sweet but getting a bland mash potato flavor, not good to mess with my taste buds like that, bad.           My wife had the special which was the dover sole in a tortilla crust , it was a large piece of fish . over mash with 3 sauces, red roasted pepper sauce , mango/pepper sauce don't remember the 3rd sauce lots of things going on in this dish , which in this case was a good thing ,because everything worked well together. it had better at  $38 it better rock somebody's world and it did , wife loved it .         They had a nice bread basket that you chose out of , I had the brioche it was very good, wife  had the pretzel bread , before i could see about getting another piece of bread the butter was whisked away, wth. Tight with the bread?         We had the caribean ,chocolate bottom pie with bananas , it was awesome. Pretty much if  a restaurant has some kind of banana dessert, I will get it, glad we did.            Service was lacks, when the server was there, he talked too much then , he would disappear for awhile. The servers mostly looked  young ,i'm guessing a little bit inexperienced.           Menu is very imaginative and with some of the dishes was spot on and you can tell the chef has skills, just a little bit more fine tuning and I would not hesitate to come back , but for the prices I expect a little more bang, sorry .
I went to DW Bistro for lunch with my brother and his wife while visiting from out of town. My brother is a chef and this is one of his favorite places. I ordered a simple BLT. After 35 minutes of waiting for the food, we started to get a little restless. Our waitress simply stopped coming to our table altogether. We asked another server and ten minutes went by. Then we asked another server and the food for my brother and his wife came in about another 5-10 minutes. Although the restaurant was busy it wasn't all that packed.  I had to wait another 10 minutes to get my food. At this point we had been at the restaurant for about an hour. It became obvious that they didn't even start cooking the bacon for the BLT until after we complained twice. The waitress never even came back to our table and we were served for the rest of the meal by another waiter.   I have never left a restaurant in my life or sent back a meal. I am generally polite and congenial and I really don't believe I did anything or said anything that could be interpreted as offensive in any way. I felt personally insulted by this whole situation. I don't understant why the waitress simply stopped coming to our table. I don't understand why we had to wait for 45 minutes after we ordered for them to start cooking the meal. None of the restaurant servers, managers, or other employees would even talk to us to explain what was taking so long, how much longer we would be waiting, or what was going on.   The BLT was good, and they ended up providing it for free. Yet, I would skip this place for a restaurant that understands the basic principles of service.
Our foursome was looking forward to trying this place based on the reviews.  We came in at 4:00 looking for a late lunch early dinner and were disappointed to learn that they only serve "brunch" on Saturdays and Sundays. Dinner doesn't start until 5:30.   Who wants pancakes at 4:00.  :(.   With our work schedules being m-f we will sadly never get to try them for lunch.  We will try again for dinner sometime.
Maybe I went on an off night, but I did not have a great experience.  I ordered the beer-braised short rib ($18) and it was SALTY.  Holy shit, it was so salty. Like, so salty I had to stop eating it.  But, even without the salt, I wouldn't have finished it because the short rib was really fatty.  A really bad cut.  The sauce on the seasonal vegetable mix was also a turnoff; I felt all the flavors in this dish really clashed.  The mash of the day was also the victim of oversalting.  Yeah, not ordering this again.  Also, I was seated near the bathroom and there was a putrid smell in the air.  I don't want to think about what it was, but it was awful. They need to take care of that (other people remarked on it too while walking by).  Highlights:  my well-mixed whiskey cocktail, friendly service, and the tasty Parmesan crisps.  I hear such great things about this place.  I'll have to go back and try something else.....but I am afraid.
I really didn't want to give this place two stars, but I'm trying to be fair and honest.    Just to be quick and to the point: Food was wonderful.  Service was pretty bad.  Now to get into it a little more...  My husband and I went here on a Tuesday evening.  It was pretty normal; people were there, but not busy.  The decor was really cool and gave a nice, laidback feeling.  The owner greeted us and was super awesome and personable.  When my husband asked what beers they had, it started getting weird.  The owner asked, "Well what do you like?"  Well, he likes all different beers, so it depends.  He then brought the bartender over, (which was the right thing to do) and when my husband asked what kind of beers they had, he asked, "Well what do you like?" Ugh.   (Look, I'm a bartender, and I understand how annoying it is when people want you to rattle off all the beers you have. But my husband just wanted some sort of list.) So perhaps they should work on listing the beers somewhere.   Anyway, onto the meal-  The food....was awesome.  It took a very long time to come out, but it was good. I had the jerk seared ahi tuna salad.  My husband had the jerk filet mignon (cooked perfectly) and both dishes were great.  We also ordered the mac and cheese which was a hefty serving, and very tasty.  Service checked on us numerous times.  So after we were done and our plates were taken, our server never came back.  He never stopped by to ask about dessert (which I was planning on getting).  We kept trying to make eye contact with him, but nothing.  We were ignored by everyone. So about 15 minutes went by when the fabulous owner came by and asked if we ordered dessert.  I laughed and said we were never offered.  He brought the server over and smoothed everything over.    Basically-  the food is wonderful, and so is the owner.  The service needs to step it up.  We will be back only because of the food.    Oh....and I got my dessert.  ;) The carrot cake is AMAZING!
For the amount of food and for what it is, way overpriced! Service wasnt terrible, but the manager did comp some appetizer for a table right next to us. I couldn't help but think, 'hey what about us?' The decor was very nice and modern. We were greeted and seated right away. I ordered the day's special- eggs Benedict with goat cheese and some kinda meat patty. It was alright but I'm not a fan of goat cheese. My boyfriend had the challah French toast. Eh. I don't think I'll be going back!  I'd rate it a 3 for service, but like I said, this place is overpriced!
DW is quite possibly the cutest little eatery ever, in fact I want their decorator to come work their magic on my home!  I really want to love this adorable little spot, but the service needs some work and organization.  The first time I dined here was not long after they opened and I figured they were still finding their groove.    I made my 2nd visit today; my friends and I popped in to sample their $20 Restaurant Week lunch.  Our first course, the Jamaican Chicken Curry Soup came right out, but with no spoons.  Once they hooked us up with spoons, our taste buds did the happy dance for the little cup full of tasty-creamy-curryliciousness.    Little did we know that we were in for quite a wait.  We observed as 3 nearby tables that were seated after us were getting their food.   After waiting for 45 minutes we flagged our waitress, who apologized and said our order would be right up.  After another 20 minutes my asparagus prosciutto salad arrived, then 5 minutes later my 2 friends received their dishes.  My dish was called "Grilled Asparagus Salad with Prosciutto", which I found rather misleading because I received four pieces of asparagus wrapped in prosciutto atop a huge plate of mixed field greens.  It was like ordering a burger and getting the full size bun with a slider sized patty.  Before we were done with our main course they dropped off our dessert that came with the restaurant week prix fixe, which overcluttered our table.  We waited all of that time for our entrees only to be rushed out when they finally arrived.  As we were preparing to leave we overheard another table that had also been waiting for quite a while.
We were seated quickly on a Saturday night. The first thing we overheard from the table next to us was the couple complaining about the lousy food they were served to the manager. It was awkward and uncomfortable. We ordered the prix fixe menu. Our food was very flavorful, but the portions were rather small and the service was very slow. We also heard the table behind us also complain about their order being messed up and the kitchen taking way to long to fix it. We weren't offered bread, but maybe that didn't come from with the prix fixe? No explanation there...  Anyway, I wouldn't go back. It had a very negative vibe that night and even though our food was tasty, it was too expensive and too long of a meal to be enjoyable, plus I left hungry.
Huge disappointment.  We walked in hungry and with strong recommendations from friends.  Ambiance is uplifting and well-thought-out.  Menu seems diverse and interesting, but for our first time we thought we'd go for the "best of" items.  The comfort foods.    Best thing here is the bottled mango sauces. Everything is sooooo close, but not worth the calories. Plantains with too much honey. Mac n cheese mush and oily. Curry bland. No thanks.   Plus side, nice atmosphere, good portion size, great service.    Honestly, I did not even bother eating my food.  I couldn't stop thinking about eating a bowl of honey bunches of oats when I got home.    Summary:  great atmosphere and service, nice menu, big portions, BAD RECIPES.
My first experience was no good. I decided to finally try it out based on a lot of raving reviews from friends, but was hugely disappointed.   The service was TERRIBLE! We sat at our table for about 10 minutes before being greeted by our server. He then took our drink orders and got them completely wrong. We ordered a Sprite and a Ginger Beer. Well the guy brought us a Ginger Ale and a Diet Sprite... Our water glasses were filled once, so we had no water almost the whole time (despite asking for more water many times).  He forgot to put our order in so we waited about 35 minutes for our food. I have no problem if the kitchen is slow or behind, but when your server is the problem I'm not very happy.  The food wasn't great. I had the garlic with white sauce bow tie pasta (that was the description). It came out with a bunch of asparagus and bell peppers in it (not described). If you are going to have things such as... garlic, mushrooms, bell peppers, asparagus, lemon, cilantro or anything else that is a strong flavor that some people don't like you should describe it on the menu.   When he finally brought the check it brought me a pen that didn't work with the bill that was on a small saucer. 1. Filling tip and signing my name when I only have a saucer as a hard surface (table was grated) not good. 2. Don't let me last memory of your horrible service be a pen that doesn't work your tip will go down.  All in all we spent 90 minutes and about $45 on something that wasn't great. I'll probably give it another shot, but not for a while. I hear they have good brunch
Aside from the hotness of our waiter, our group's visit here was awful.  Half of us didn't have water, the other half didn't have silverware, we had to keep asking for basic things that should be a given, hello!  They also brought us one basket of bread for a table of twelve, which was a bit stingy, don't you think?  The food didn't suit my taste, but the decor was fabulous, so I rolled my eyes and just got through the meal without complaining any further.
Had a brunch menu that was not good all day on a sat... Brunch is on Sunday
Ambiance is nice, food was not.
This place is a little over rated / pricey. The waiter was awkward n touched me on my shoulder which made me feel uncomfortable.
I really wanted to like this place but somehow it managed to fail my expectation. Ordered short ribs for an appetizer, grilled chicken with rice and jerk chicken curry bowl. Ribs were pretty good (but I cooked them at home so many times and I know it is pretty difficult to mess it up unless you're a really lousy cook). But entrees have really failed (especially for the price) and took good 40 minutes to be delivered (server's explanation was that printer in a kitchen was unplugged! Really, no tickets coming out in a kitchen on Friday night?!)  Jerk chicken curry bowl: looked like a haphazardly thrown together bunch of vegetables with chunks of absolutely unseasoned chicken breast mixed with canned curry sauce. I won't comment on couscous because it is just... couscous. C'mon DW... you can do better than that for $16. Although, I admit that it tasted better next day after soaking the curry sauce :)  Grilled Jerk Chicken breast.... again barely any flavor to it and barely a trace of advertised tropical orange glaze.  We were issued a complimentary cake at the end of the meal... which at least shows that DW acknowledged the long wait and was apologetic about it.  Food aside there are some other issues that DW Bistro management can address if they want to create a proper atmosphere. Since we had good 40 minutes to wait we had nothing to do but observe people around us... in particular, waiters slapping each other butts casually on a dining floor or bus person wiping his nose with his arm (he is either sick or he was doing coke in a back of the house).
Food took forever to come out. By the time we got the food, we were disappointed with the food. The food was tasteless, hard, and pricey.
We dine at DW Bistro regularly but tonight we had a very bad experience. The service tonight was exceptionally SLOW. We had to wait 10 minutes before someone took our order and 30 minutes after our salad was served.  We waited for an hour for our main entree to show up but it never did. We had to follow up twice from our server, please note that we did it very nicely, on where was our food and he even blamed the kitchen for the slow service and that it wasn't his fault.   In the end, my bf was so pissed that the server didn't even have the decency to tell us that the kitchen is running behind, we just left and paid for the salad.   We love the food at DW but if the service is like this, too bad, we are scratching you off our list.
Well, this will be a hard review for me to write. I love the food here. Up until Saturday, I've always enjoyed coming here. I'm giving this place ZERO stars because of the service... not the food. Here's what happened: Arrived at 7pm on Saturday and ordered a salad and two meals at 7:12pm. Everything went downhill from there. It took 40 minutes to get our salad and that was after we had asked our waiter about it. We got 1 serving of bread and our glasses refilled once with water. I watched 4 tables seated while we were waiting and order their food. Of the four, 3 got their dinners before we did, one of which sat next to us. Now to be fair, these people had been seated prior to us, but had ordered after we had. All in all, I watched 10 people who came in and ordered after we did get their meals. I mentioned something to the server and nothing was done. I stood up to leave at 8:23 and we still haven't received our dinners. The waiter kept blaming the cook, which pissed me off even more. In all honesty, it's managements fault for not being properly staffed and the wait staff for not informing customers of a delay. They should have recognized there was a problem and address it. Offer a free cocktail or something. I don't drink, but I'm sure other patrons would appreciate the offer. The thing was, nothing was done in the matter other than trying to put the blame solely on the chef.
Everything was just spicy... no depth to any flavors and we tried a variety of dishes while there. Also, long wait and over priced.
I thought this place was just okay. I had the fried chicken and it was not that special. I hear the brunch is good. I might give that a chance someday.
So when my friend wanted to go to this Bistro .. I thought ok, bec I have heard some really good things about it.  We arrive and its hot inside and its very busy.  We get a waiter that has the worst "TUDE" ever.. Marco was his name..  If you get him, you might as well go home right there bec you are about to throw money out the window !!! We order Bottomless Mimosa's which seemed to be very popular in the rest.  They were $20.00 a person and we figured this would be fun and pretty cost effective... LOL  Boy were we wrong.  They were super hot, prob bec they were serving so many... and it worked out pretty damn good for them bec the Champagne they used was CHEAP ! With a capital C baby !!!   We finished one and we sat looking around for our slackass waiter Marco... UGH ! We finally got a refill and we ordered...  the Chicken Flautas for appetizer , they were ok, nothing special and a little spicy . Once we got those, I decided not to break bad with $20 for an entree bec I could see that we were going downhill at a fast pace.  My girl ordered Chicken and waffles... The plate came and the chicken was so overcooked.. It was damn near black ! It was dry and not great, we will say.   By this time, we are waiting for another Mimosa.. Waiting, Waiting and Waiting.  We get another hot glass of cheap champagne.. exciting !! By this time, the place is clearing out ! I see a cute lil black gay come in and then I realize that he is walking around the rest. in pedicure shoes, yes that is right yellow pedicure shoes with painted black toenails.  CLASSY !! He starts seating people in these ridiculous paper shoes lol. So we ask Marco for another drink bec this is about how we have to manage his ass.. What a joke.  He says " we arent serving those anymore"    WTF????  What did he just say ??  Yes we arent serving those anymore... EXCUSE ME ??? Im sorry but bottomless is bottomless, you serve them until we get our asses out of our seats and leave... It was the icing on the cake for me !!! I wouldnt go back to this place EVER !!!! I am surprised to see they are still in business !! THEY SUCK !!!!!
I would have liked to review DW Bistro but after a 30 min drive we were disappointed to see it was closed.  The YELP page said it was open, not the case!  Update your ecommerce world
service was really slow.....took me about 45 minutes to get my meal...unacceptable. Was getting up to just leave...food showed up as i was walking out. By this time im so annoyed that i cant help but be critical of the food..but regardless the food was not up to par. I ordered eggs benedict.What is the deal with the hollandaise sauce? you guys have a shortage or what? I felt like i was being put on half rations at a POW camp...eggs were hard not done properly,over cooked ,potatoes were cold. Ordered coffee,took 10 minutes to get to me,did you have to go to juan valdez house to get it? your 10 feet away from the coffee,shouldn't take that long.coffee comes no cream or sugar..another 5-7 minute wait,coffee getting cold by the minute,again unacceptable.This place is very she she,which i don't mind.But instead of spinning records and being pleasant overall..I would take a serious look at your ticket times,your service in general and the freshness of the food being served,on a side note the jalapeno bacon was tasty.Anyways  ...until these issues are addressed this place is not worthy of anything approaching 5 stars..no way.
Pros:  "All Day" Mimosa deal, perfect for us functioning alcoholics. I went on a Sunday so I'm not sure if this deal exists every day of the week.  Awesome servers; friendly and on top of their game.  Cons:  45 minute wait for a table. It was like waiting to get into a nightclub. The general vibe of this place is trendy and pretentious. I felt like I showed up to an American Apparel party uninvited.  If you do not want to get the "All Day' mimosa deal (around $20something bucks), one mimosa is $13.00 and it's tiny. I totally expect those prices on the strip, but a local's place? Come on. (The bartender did not tell me about the "All Day" deal until I was charged for one mimosa. They should be in the habit of letting people know about the deal once a mimosa is ordered, if you ask me. But nobody has)  The food is alright (not amazing), but again, the prices are totally outrageous. Definitely not worth it. Next time, imma point my Ugg knock offs in a different direction.
We wanted to like this place but it failed our expectations.  After driving 25 mins to get there, my boyfriend & I were seated at a very wobbly table, we moved to another table, which was also very wobbly.   I order the slow cooked pork bowl ($12). It was a lot of food & the flavor was good, but after eating the top layer, we noticed the only reason it looked like so much was because more than half the bowl was just rice.    He ordered the New Mexican chili chicken enchiladas ($12). When they brought both our plates out I couldn't believe they were the same price! My huge bowl compared to his 2 sad little enchiladas was disappointing. The enchiladas came w/ just a very small bowl of plain boring white rice. After his first bite, it just kept going down hill, BOTH ends of BOTH enchiladas were burnt. We told our server but he didn't seem to care to much. I found it funny that even after our complaints, he asked if we would be wanting dessert.  Uh No! First & LAST time at DW Bistro.
Eeeek!! Here's the deal. I've known about DW Bistro for a LONG time now and have been dying to come on a date night, but never got around to it. I constantly see the reviews in my Yelp feed because I live so close-by, so I was really excited to finally try it last Saturday. My husband and I went with my sister-in-law before the Xtreme thing, because we had to have a sophisticated dinner prior to blending in with Las Vegas's most obnoxious crowd at Desert Breeze Park.   Our server may have been the tastiest part of the meal (that was piggish, I know, but he was seriously HOT) and so friendly. It seems like the tables he was serving were all regulars, several of them with women. I bet they all ask to be seated in his section for some eye candy. MOVING ON! We started off with the jerk calamari. When they brought it over to us, we were really surprised because it was a pile of black, wet, calamari. It was calamari drenched in their jerk sauce which ended up being way too salty, and soggy. The squid inside however, was high quality, not chewy, and tender. I just wish it wasn't in that sauce. Sadly, this was a recommended appetizer.   For entrees, we went with more appetizers. We ordered the flautas, turkey sliders, and chicken curry soup. The flautas were tasty, but sadly not tastier than ones that I had at a hole in the wall Mexican take-out place in California. The turkey sliders that everyone RAVES about were so underwhelming! My SIL took a photo and put it on IG, and she had 15+ comments talking about how much they love this thing. I found pieces of the chutney to be bitter (orange peel possibly?) and the burger itself to be tasteless and dry. I just didn't understand the hype of this thing. It came with no veggies either which I found disturbing. It was just a brioche bun, turkey, and chutney.   Lastly, the soup that everyone on Yelp talks about was a nice sized soup loaded with chicken and veggies. However, I found the seasoning to be on the strong side. I loved the consistency, which must have used a lot of coconut milk to make it so creamy. Perhaps it was an off-night, but the food was not up to my expectations. Things were over-seasoned and I wouldn't order any of these things again. I really really want to come back (to spy on the hot waiter) and try their brunch because that seems to be where the real magic happens! The inside is beautiful, the patio looks perfect for a Spring day, and the environment lively to make a small or large party feel comfortable.
I thought that the reviews on Yelp were a good sign of things to come ( or eat ), but, not so much. I will say that the service is excellent, from hostess to busser to waiter.  We started with the jerk calamari app, it was different, but just ok. The entrees we had were: Jerk chicken breast ; was good , Salmon with guava burre blanc sauce ; was ok , Green chile burger ; was the only really  good food !   Here's the bad part, calamari app was a bit on the greasy side. Then when I asked what size salmon came with entree and he said 8oz,  but actually was 4 maybe 5 oz. for $22 ? Listen, I don't mind paying good money for good food, but if it's going to be small portion, it better taste REAL good, this wasn't worth the money.   Then the rice that was served with entrees was half under cooked and the seasonal veggies needed seasoning. They tried replacing under cooked rice with mash potato, but that needed seasoning too.  They did comp part of our meal which was really nice of them to do. I would give 2 1/2 stars but yelp doesn't have 1/2 stars.   I think I have to come back for the brunch, maybe then I'll get the 5 star food I see in the reviews.
I had to update my review bc unfortunately the last time I went there I had HORRIBLE SERVICE. I went there for brunch and was treated really badly by our server. He paid us no attention, did not do things in a timely manner, slammed down my orange juice causing it to spill,  and worst of all when he finally decided to refill my coffee he spilled some on me, and WALKED AWAY! are you kidding me? HOT COFFEE ON MY PANTS.I was so mad I couldn't even speak. I work in the industry myself, so I know how to behave in a restaurant. This servers actions were completely unwarranted  I come here often and have really enjoyed it, but I just couldn't believe how I was a treated. .  I wish I had kept my receipt to call the manager to let them know who this person was.  But I will say the food runner was very kind and did go the extra mile for us. Of course the food was good. But that bad server is something I just can't believe.
DW Bistro is one of my favorite places to brunch. Working in industry I love recommending hidden gems in the Valley. There were three of us calling ahead to check when their last seating was and they told us to be there before 2 and we made it by 1:45. When we arrived we were coldly greeted and told there was no more seating for the day. We were taken back seeing as we just talked to them 10 minutes prior. It has changed how I feel about one of our favorite places, now we are taking our business to Honey Salt.
There is one reason why I gave this place the extra star, the food here is excellent, although I do suggest getting it to go due to the lack of good service. But I'd rather spend my money elsewhere where the business cares about the customer, afterall we are the reason they stay open.  Waiters/waitresses need to know their boundaries as to what type of remarks to have to say to their guests. Obviously in this atmosphere neither their front of house staff nor the owner cares what we think of how they treat us. I had invited my best friend here for a lovely lunch and instead had an overall bad experience. We were very disappointed in the service and how the owner handled it... I just won't be returning.
First off I'm Puerto Rican! I was not impressed with the food here at all. The flavor was lacking and so was the gravy. Who wants to eat dry rice and chicken! Sorry, just keepin it real. If your looking for friendly service then by all means eat here. The owner is sweet. I didn't finish my food. So after attempting to eating here I went home and cooked real PR food..yum. Gosh I miss the East Coast! Umm I won't be back.
I had a chance to check this place out before going out and about on First Friday in February and I was quite disappointed. The concept of the bar is awesome and the drinks sounded great, but the overall execution was terrible. Really, this rating is completely based on service and maybe I should give it 2 stars as their drinks are very good, but that's about it.  Upon arriving at Breadfruit/Rum Bar, we were told to sit anywhere in the bar area and someone would be around to serve us. There were about 20 or so people in the whole place (restaurant and bar), so it didn't seem that busy. However, it took about 10 minutes before someone came over to take our drink order or even acknowledge our group. Not a good sign.   After we made our order or Estate Mai Tai, Dark and Stormy, Mojito Ponganot and French Caribbean Breeze, two of which were the server/bar keepers suggestions, we waited and checked out the decor. The ambiance inside is dark and relaxed, but made reading the menu almost impossible. Others around us and our group were using cell phones to try and read the menu, it was so dark. I get trying to give a place a vibe, but can we get a little bit of light to read?   Drinks Arrive! These were amazing. I had very high expectations given the selection of rum and narrative behind everything we ordered, but was still impressed. Drinks were well blended and decently strong. The Mai Tai was off the charts and might have kicked my ass had I gotten another.  Which brings us to the next drink, that never happened. Our server/bar keep came by mid way through our cocktails and asked if we wanted a second order, but given the time it was taking us to get through the first one, three of us waited and one ordered a Red Stripe.  15 minutes pass and most of us are either done or close enough to order another, but no server. Drinks done and our group is waiting for another 10 minutes. No Red Stripe and no second order. What the hell. Now we are sitting around waiting just to see how long it takes, but after 10 more minutes, we give up and go to the bar to get our tab. 10 more minutes go by and we finally have our bill, but there is no breakdown of what we ordered. It's just part of good service to always bring a breakdown of the bill and we were curious to see if the Red Stripe we ordered and never got was on there.  Sure enough, after 10 more minutes of waiting to get a breakdown of the bill, there was the unicorn Red Stripe. Getting that off the bill was another 10 minutes and finally, we were allowed to leave.  I'm not sure what happened that evening, but there is no reason for poor service. The place was not that busy and they were clearly not understaffed  based on the amount of staff roaming around. The staff seemed preoccupied with assisting those sitting directly at the bar instead of the lounge seating behind the bar stools and the bar appeared to be getting great service. I'll give it another try for the drinks and sit at the bar, but it's with hesitation and low expectations of service.
This review is a four for the classic mojitos and a one for the service. It is a damn shame because those are the best mojitos I have had in Phoenix but the service is so damn shitty. Don't get me wrong, the bartenders are nice but damn, do they all need to act like a bunch of potheads? I first came here for their Grand Opening and after things had died down, waited at the bar for 10 minutes before waving them down for a drink. They kept walking past me (looking down the whole time) and then would crowd around the computer trying to figure out the tickets. Very unorganized. My friends and I ended up leaving because of how long it would take to get a drink with 3 bartenders. I gave it another chance last night and the service was the same. It had been a good 10-15 minutes before the bartender asked if we wanted another mojito. My husband was pissed because he wanted to order food and they never checked up on that after giving us a menu. As we were sitting at the bar, a guy walks up and tells the bartender, "Um, we need menus for our 9 top over there in the corner." He seemed very irritated. The girl hands him menus and walks over to the bartender with the blond dreads and says something about him forgetting about the table. I can't say I was surprised AT ALL. The same male bartender forgot my first drink when I came to the grand opening. My husband and I really want to have dinner in the restaurant but are afraid the inattentive service extends to the servers. The menu looks delicious so maybe we'll have to do take-out.
I really wanted to love this place.   My husband and I just moved to Phoenix from the east coast. He's a native of the Caribbean coast of Venezuela and I lived there for many years. We know good rum. When we saw the aptly named "Rum Bar" was only blocks from our home in the arts district, we were super happy. We decided to give it a go on a night of celebration.   From the moment we walked in, there was confusion. They were about 45 minutes away from closing, which we assumed was ample time for a drink and an appetizer. I noticed that they had two of our favorite Venezuelan rums. When I explained to the bartender what kind of rum we typically like and asked if she could recommend something similar so we can broaden our horizons a bit, she looked a bit wide-eyed and proceeded to ask a man who was sitting on the corner of the bar who I am going to assume is the owner. That became the precedent for the evening. We asked a question, she asked the man at the bar. Perhaps it was her first night, and that's OK, but a few smiles would have turned this review into a positive one. In addition to her overall unfriendly demeanor, we simply couldn't get over how pretentious the place felt. My husband ordered a Cuba Libre. The bartender hesitated much longer than was necessary and told him "we serve that rum in a snifter" effectively telling him he couldn't order what he wanted. She then brought him a flight of rum which wasn't even the same brand as the drink he had ordered. When we both looked confused, she took it away and started to pour another flight. By now, we were really irritated and felt really unwelcome. My husband corrected her again. "Please, I'd like a Cuba libre." Rum is fun, people. Maybe not wherever the owner is from, but in Venezuela, it's passed around at the beach. We drink it at every party, formal or otherwise. Cuba libre is a perfectly legitimate cocktail, just as legitimate as the mojito I ordered (which I will say, was excellent, hence the two stars instead of one) When it was clear we weren't going to accept the flight of rum she was trying to force on us, she walked over the the man at the bar yet again, who laughed (at our pedestrian choice of drink?) and waved his hand in resignation. She then brought my husband the tiniest, most watered down rum and coke imaginable. Not a Cuba libre. A rum and coke. No lime to speak of. When he asked for a lime to turn his rum and coke into some semblance of a Cuba libre, she said "oh you wanted lime with that?!" incredulously.   We ordered the plantain spring rolls with mango chutney. They were utterly tasteless, except for the chutney. It was basically store bought frozen won ton wrapper and not a hint of sweet plantain. Not one hint.   We're exceptionally disappointed that we didn't love this place. The only redeeming factors (not for us, we won't be back) are the prices which are reasonable and their good selection of rums.
This place has a ton of potential. There is an astounding selection of rum with an incredibly knowledgeable and passionate manager (owner?). The decor and classy island music created a perfect ambiance.  Unfortunately, these great aspects are negated by a serious personnel deficiency.  This was this author's second attempt to patronize the Rum Bar, the first ending in failure as he arrived around 12:30 and the Rum Bar closes at 12:00, even on weekends.  Really?    This second voyage began around 10 pm.  Upon telling the bartender of said first failed experience, the following was uttered: "This is a cocktail bar, not a nightclub.  The good places close early."  Didn't know that.  Anyway, first drink, the Estate Mai Tai, was made by a female mixologist.  She needed to ask the manager for assistance with every step.  It was good enough, but not amazing.  The owner then came over and insisted on re-making, saying "this isn't the right color."  Great.  Love this guy.  From here a great, if somewhat standoffish, conversation ensued.    This man is passionate, and totally knowledgeable.  A more in-depth talk would have been great but the guy just kinda peaced out after 10 minutes.  Maybe his child was in trouble?  Or there was an emergency?  Nope, he was later spotted just chilling in the alley outside the bar.  The guy has a gem of a ruby of a place here, just don't expect a great interactive learning experience.  If you want to get wasted on great rum then by all means, throw on a striped shirt and some Axe and pile into your Chevy Monte Carlo and get on down here.
I have been the the rum bar 2 times before and the service was fine as was the food. Stopped by tonight and was meeting a friend for drinks. I arrived early, they told me I had to sit in the waiting area until my party arrived. There was NO ONE IN THE PLACE. Yet I couldn't sit at a table and be served a drink? Or be ask to have a seat at the bar??? No I had to sit right by the door on a bench.  I went to Turf around the corner where they welcomed my drink order while I waited for my friend.   Way to pretentious for me...I won't be back
I went there for the first time with some friends to try it out. The drinks were sub-par and the service was horrible (the owner flipped the tip we gave him on our face). We were shocked to see this sort of behavior for no specified reason. I have never written reviews before but I felt that I  had to.
Appetizers, overpriced, small portions.   Entrees, good flavor... Service... lacking.  The server who had our table was awkward... She was nice enough, but didn't really understand service.  My friend asked for a cocktail twice, and on the first occasion, they said they couldnt make anything with grapefruit juice... and on the second occasion, He ordered a pina colada and specified a type of rum.  She came back and said the bartender wouldnt make it because the flavor would comprimise the integrity of the flavor.... He wanted brazilian rum in a pina colada, Big deal, just make the drink, don't make him feel bad.  we felt rushed as our plates were cleared before our friends were finished eating...  The food was tasty, however I won't be back due to the strange vibe I got.
Great cocktails, but the atmosphere is very condescending and unpleasant. I brought a group of about 10 people for a happy hour, and as people trickled in, we were repeatedly asked if we had a larger group coming. When the full party had arrived, we were asked to sit in the back patio, i.e. smoking section (which was not a nice thing to do to my non-smoking friends), where there was no seating for groups larger than 5. I want to be clear: none of us had had anything to drink before our arrival. We were not belligerent, we were not rude. We were just treated that way.  We were also given conflicting messages about substituting different varieties of rum in the cocktails and were charged absurdly for the privilege of doing so... until we were told it was impossible because we would single-handedly ruin the owner's entire brand.  All in all, it's a good place to go for a cocktail. They're tasty, but it was easier and more pleasant to do business elsewhere. I haven't gone back, and I have no intention of doing so.
Meh.   Overpriced, psuedo urban hoity toity experience.   Should you come here at least once and try some house cocktails for $10 each? Sure, why not.   But is this a place to frequent? Not at all, well except phonys. Phonys will love this place. Holden, however would hate it.
I wasn't that impressed with the drinks. And I tried the food to be so-so, nothing that knocked my socks off.  Service was hit or miss. I had to keep flagging down our server to get another drink or put in an order of food. I don't think i'd ever go back again.
This place has potential (good ambience and location, adorable bathroom sink) but our waitress was rude/condescending and the drinks were over-priced.
Was excited to dine here, until the host in the fedora was extremely rude. Judgmental, curt, and unwelcoming, maybe next time will be a better experience--we left before finding out.
Terrible service, the items on the menu were not accurate, and they included I've 20% gratuity on the bill for only a party of 5. When we ordered drinks we were told thy don't serve iced tea. When we inquired about the spice level of the food wee were curtly told there were no substitutions. One member in our party ordered the coconut mackerel, it was some type of giant dimpling covered with what may or not have been chopped up pieces of what the server told is was fish. Another ordered a mojito and it did not have alcohol on it. I ordered the jerk chicken only to be told on weekends they don't serve it and I could have street chicken instead, it was dry and the rice was mediocre. The atmosphere is cute but the service is terrible and the food mediocre.
Such a regret. The host treated us as were an unconvinced to this restaurant. Negative behavior from all the staff and restrictions all the way. My friends (group of 3) walked to the bar, and asked for a drink the host moved us to the patio because we didn't had a reservation. We were the only ones at the patio and it took 20 min for a waitress  to come out and take our order.
The scallops and rum old fashioned are pretty bomb.   However, the service is a joke. Drinks take at least 20+ minutes and Scott S is rude. He has an attitude when you order, and when I handed him my drink with broken glass, he was upset that I didn't want to keep it.   Not a repeat place.
is this place still in business? as I called today and got disconnected recording?
I support local artists and small businesses. I told all my vegan friends sbout this place as soon as I read about it.    I finally went with friends this Sunday to check it out. We stood for 15 min waiting for a table. The restaurant seemed to be very understaffed, as they only had one waitress and they were out of many things on the menu.  When we finally did get to order, they seemed to be out of things so I said that I'd take a waffle or pancake just to try anything. We received comolimentary chips and salsa since we were waiting so long, At this point we were starving and couldnt take it anymore! After being there almost 2 hours we left.  I can't say anything for the food, but I hope that Chef Myra gets more staff to help the prep work, and more waitresses. Best time to go seems to be the weekdays.
Let me start off by saying the entree we had was great. My partner and I shared a Love Two Burritos, and the portions were big enough to fill both of us. The burritos were great except the potatoes, which were flavorless and took away from the rest of it. The entree alone gets four stars.   BUT! Dessert was awful. We had the carrot cake. I love Chef Mayra's carrot cake normally, I've purchased it at Rainbow Food prior to my visit to Pura Vida. This time the cake was stale, and stuck to the paper they served it on. The chocolate sauce didn't go at all well with the cake. It also had an odd astringent taste, perhaps too much of one spice?  The service was worse. It wasn't that my server wasn't trying, but she was obviously overwhelmed by the amount of customers. It took forever to get our food. We were in the restaurant for almost two hours, for just one entree and one pre-made dessert.  The restaurant didn't look very clean, it was extremely cluttered. I also saw an employee handle the phone/computer/etc. while wearing food handling gloves, I sure hope she changed them when she went into the kitchen! The paper towels were on the floor in the bathroom, gross! Parking was nearly non-existant and I was worried I was going to get towed. The location was also hard to find.  In short. I definitely will not be returning, and will stick to homemade vegan goods instead.
Man, if I wanted some imitation food, I'd go look for those plastic-y window displays.  But since when did vegan food become equated with imitation food?!?!  Hubby and I shared the sampler platter for breakfast - it's $15 and you do get a LOT of food, more food then the two of us could ever finish! (here's a contradiction - isn't vegan also suppose to be good for people! and not JUST for the animals. It's cruelty to fellow humans to offer such large portions!!!).  The sampler included: the Latin'tude, the Love, the tofu scramble, vegan sausage, roasted potatoes, Tha' Waffle, two small pancakes & a chocolate covered strawberry.   The first three items are just different kinds of tofu!!! followed by vegan sausage (not sure what food group this would be) and three kinds of starches. What happened to VEGETABLES?!?!  There *were* several spinach leaves and some sliced green bell pepper - more of a garnish, really. Everything else, short of potatoes and the strawberry, was something pretending to be something else. WHY???  It tasted ok, while it was hot. But we ended up waiting for over half-an-hour (do vegans not have to be places?) and by the time our food came, it was just warm, which left just a small window of opportunity to try to enjoy it before it began resembling soft rubber.   All in all, the verdict on Pura Vida is once-is-enough, but unfortunately, they are not the only vegan resto that doesn't believe in real food...
Terrible service. Discriminatory service. I will never go here again.  We went for brunch on a Saturday morning two weeks ago. We were sat at 10:50am. We waited on our server for a while before we could order at 11:05. I wanted to order an item that wasn't available until 11:30, but I was told that I could not. I told our server (whose name started with a J and contained some 'e's) that I wanted exactly the short stack with berries that was featured in a picture on the menu. "Is that the short stack?" I asked. She said, "Well, the short stack has 6 pancakes." I said, "Yes, and the picture has 6 pancakes, so it's the same, right? It comes with berries?" Server: "Sure." Me: "Ok, I want it just like the picture." Not too confident that she really knew the menu. My husband ordered a 3-course brunch meal with a wrap, soup, and salad.  Meanwhile, another table had sat down near us. They ordered, from our same server, at 11:20-- 15 minutes after us-- and the server told them that they COULD order off of the post-11:30 menu. Wow. I could have waited 10 minutes if I'd known that was the difference... in the end, I ended up waiting over an hour for our entrees, anyway. The soup came out fairly quickly. We waited another 25 minutes for the salad. Meanwhile, the table next to us was receiving their food more quickly than ours-- brought out personally by the chef herself. The chef passed by our table and only smiled, never stopped or spoke to us.  Our server came by again and  asked confirming our wrap order, except she asked me about it, completely forgetting that my husband ordered it, not me. Even later, she came by again and said, "Let me check on your entree order". Even later than that, she came by and said, "It should be 5 minutes, the chef said." During that time, the chef brought out a complimentary sample dish of apple dessert to the table next to us.  Then our waiter came back, 5 minutes later (when our entrees should have arrived) and brought us the same dish of apple dessert, because, in her words, "sorry for the delay; here is something that the chef is working on."  It was only at 12:25 that we finally received our entrees. Completely inexcusable. The table next to us received theirs less than a minute after us, yet they ordered more than 15 minutes after we did. AGain, the chef brought out their entrees. They were the only table that received visits from the chef even though their server was actually our server. It seemed completely fishy to me. After we'd finished our entrees, a different lady (working the register) came over to our table and asked if our food was ok. She must have seen that we'd been there an hour and a half. She did not offer us anything or offer to discount our meal or anything. Neither did our server. Or the chef. Instead, when we received our bill, I was charged an extra fee for adding berries on the short stack. They were not even good. And, there were only 2 rasberries, the rest were strawberries. In the picture, there were raspberries, blackberries, blueberries.  We were planning to come back there every day that we were in LV because the desserts looked so good and we were excited about the food. The whole experience was so disgusting that we refused to return. I highly suggest that you go elsewhere for vegan food in LV. We had a fantastic experience at Komol Thai Restaurant. Delicious AND fast, friendly service. Shame on you, Pura Vida.
Below is the email I sent to Pura Vida with no response...I think it says it all  A couple months ago we were informed of an event that you were having.   When we got there, there were tables with vendors set up outside. We walked into the cafe, because we were really excited to try the menu (being new to Vegan & Raw) When my husband and I walked into the cafe we were greeted by a young physically pretty girl who said to us, "What are you doing here?" We stated that we were here for the event and she said that you will have to wait outside and pointed to the door. Then turned and walked away from us to talk to another employee. We walked outside and lingered for about 15 min, no one ever came to take our name for a table and not one vendor seem to be interested in talking to anyone but each other.  Then yesterday my husband received a text telling him that he won a free lunch. When he inquired about the text, he was told that it was an error.   I feel sorry for anyone that is new to being Vegan or RAW because your cafe does not seem to extend open arms to the general public.  You cafe reminds me of the Trend stores in the 80's on Melrose in LA and it gives you the impression that your employees think they are better than anyone else.
Almost a week and I have emailed them 3 times with no response.  Don't know why I expected more.
I truly wanted to love this place.  I would love to see more veg-friendly and all-veg restaurants in this town.  I make sure to thank the ones that I visit for thinking of us when planning out their menu.   But my experience at Pura Vida was not pleasant and I've had better vegetarian food elsewhere.  There were a good bit of customers at the restaurant when we arrived for a late Sunday brunch, but the place wasn't packed.  We were seated quickly and I started off with an apple agua fresca to drink.  It tasted like water with a splash of apple juice thrown in.  It was barely tolerable to drink.  Although a roadblock, I didn't let it get me down and still kept my hopes up for a good meal.  While looking at the menu, I noticed what another reviewer below had said: there is a lot of soy and starch.   I was honestly expecting a lot more veggies on the menu.  Well, whatever, it was brunch and I usually get starchy things anyway.  So I ordered the The Latin'Tude burrito combo meal while my husband ordered the The Dark Choco Waffle.  The wait for our food was pretty long, especially considering the place wasn't at capacity.  While waiting, we ended up noticing that the restaurant didn't look terribly clean.  The table seemed pretty dirty as well as the wall we were sitting next to.  Not a good thing to be looking at while you are waiting around for your food.  First they brought out my chips and salsa.  The chips were the absolute bottom of the bag teeny-tiny broken up bits of chips that are impossible for dipping in anything.  Being a small place, I felt bad asking for new chips and used what I had as best as I could.  The salsa that came with the chips was a "warm salsa" and tasted exactly like black bean chili to me.   It wasn't bad, but not at all what I was expecting.  For my next course I had a salad with a citrus dressing.  It was leaps and bounds better than everything else I had up until that point.  The veggies were fresh and the dressing had a nice light taste.  There were edible flowers and even some corn shoots in the salad that made it pretty to look at.  My burrito was good.  It was presented nicely and even though there were a lot of ingredients, everything blended nicely.  With all the soy and potatoes, it filled me up quickly.  I do think it could have used some more vegetables and the fake cheese wasn't really necessary at all.  My husband's chocolate waffle was good- if you like eating dessert at any hour of the day.  I was thinking it would be a waffle (crispy on the outside with a warm doughy inside) with some cocoa in the batter.  It, however, was a chocolate cake in the shape of a waffle.  Literally imagine a chocolate cake the size of a large dinner plate and you will have the consistency of this waffle.  It was super rich and had waaaaaaay too much cocoa.  To top it off, it was covered in chocolate chips and chocolate sauce (want some chocolate with your chocolate?).  He was pretty disappointed with his meal.  I took a few bites and it hurt my stomach.  This is a dessert, not a breakfast item.  After immediately leaving, I considered giving this place 3 stars since my salad and burrito were good and we had a friendly server.  But about 10 minutes after that initial thought, I started to get a really nasty stomachache with cramps.  It was around 1 or 2 in the afternoon when we got to the restaurant and it was the only thing I had eaten so far that day.  I can't imagine I could get food poisoning from a vegan restaurant, but whatever happened left me ill the rest of the day.    Needless to say, I'll be finding vegetarian food elsewhere.
The only good thing about this restaurant is that it's in an industrial area with no other businesses nearby so parking is easy and plentiful, but as a restaurant...???!!!  first, the concept behind this place is great....they support local produce/farming and supplies. I can get behind that.   But as one of my close vegan friends told me, the biggest problem with the growing number of vegan restaurants is that they tend to be run by vegans but not by business people so they do not know how to properly run a restaurant and oftentimes feel like by just existing they are somehow doing you a favor.  Simply put, waiting 2+ hours for food is unnacceptable, especially when no one alerts you to any delays and food shortages they are experiencing.  And this restaurant is very small, inside holds less than 20 people and there are outside tables for another 8.  so at full capacity it holds less than 30 people and when we were there they were not at full.  The chef had a condescending attitude towards my friends who inquired politely where the food was, and tried to somehow pass off that it's normal to wait 2+ hours for your food??!! WTF?!!  Long story short, half of our party got our food, the other half did not while we were there.  The restaurant was finishing up 2 of the orders by the time we left so they packed it up and gave it to us for free, but the ironic thing is the one person who never got any food ordered the simplest easiest quickest thing to make on the menu. Pancakes!  Speaking of the menu, when the waitress comes and says she needs to explain it, you know you're in trouble.  No menu should require explanation, that means it's too convoluted and needlessly complicated.  Personally I didnt think it needed any explanation, tho it was quite large, and maybe they would  be better served editting it down to half the items, do them well, and get it out to the tables in a timely manner.  I felt bad for the waitress since she seemed frustrated too, BUT at the same time she is the liason between our table and the kitchen, so where was she in being proactive about getting our food prepared. Also in 2+ hours she NEVER refilled our waters.  Sure we could have asked for refills, but really, at that point we really shouldnt have to ask.  As for the food itself?  Nothing great going on.  We've had much better vegan food elsewhere that employed finesse and technique and managed to be full of flavour.  Our soup was very bland and needed a lot of salt to get it edible.  Our cheesy potatoes could have been good, but the potatoes were not cooked all way thru so a bit hard.  We must have literally gotten the last half of potato since our other friends who never got their meal was because of running out of potatoes.  Our quesadilla was ok, but the basic point of a quesadilla is tortilla and melted gooey cheese inside, anything else is an afterthought.  Almost no cheese, just a bunch of veggies stuffed into a tortilla.  The grilled cheese we got was really good tho.  The vegan cheese melts and has the same texture/taste as real cheese.  Sourdough bread really good.  But a grilled cheese sandwich shouldnt take 2 hours to serve.  Even my vegan friends in town know of this restaurant's reputation and said they could have told me not to bother with Pura Vida.  I'm not their prime demographic (not vegan or veg) but it's not doing them any service when the vegan community knows to stay away.
I found this place on Yelp after searching for vegan restuarants. I walked in and the waitress greeted me. She was very pleasant. So I will give 3 stars for customer service but the food was awful! It was definitely not worth 10.00 dollars. I got it to go but if not  I would definitely have complained. The prices are way to expensive and for the amount of food they give you, its not worth it. I was so disappointed because I heard good things about this place and I have been searching for decent vegan restuarants. I definitely would not recommend this place!
Horrible location and average food, it not worth the effort trying to find it. This place is located in an industrial area downtown and looks more an abandoned shack that's deteriorating for the last 30 years than a restaurant. It was so bad that I thought it was closed until I saw people inside. So I tried it and was quit disappointed. The menu is VERY limited and they charge gourmet prices for bar quality food. Don't waste your time and money.
I am a vegan and got married in Las Vegas on 5-21-12. I ordered a vegan wedding cake from Chef Mayra and couldn't wait to eat at her restaurant. Now, I wish I had not done either .  I paid $420. for the cake and I was promised it would be "awesome and have fresh flowers on it" .  It was saddly lacking in taste and moistness and amount of filling and it DID NOT have fresh flowers on it!!!  Only mediocre ,too small for the cake, icing flowers!  Too bad Chef Mayra, that you did not deliver what you promised!! I wanted to create a beautiful wedding , a delicious dinner, and a yummy cake for ourselves and our guests.  The wedding and the dinner were a huge success,thankfully but the cake was a flop. It is very sad to me that I did NOT get WHAT I WAS PROMISED!!!!! It was supposed to be a strawberry filling.... it had such a tiny amount of filling you could hardly taste the strawberries or the filling. Eating at the restaurant Pura Vida was not much better. The hard to get to dumpy part of town would have been okay ,had the food been good but here again it was not that good. On a scale of 1-10 .....10 being the best I would give it a 2 at the most!!!!!  That is for the restaurant....The cake was not even a 1 .
I would give them a zero if I could.  I actually left before eating because there were about 100 flies inside the restaurant.  I am Vegan and don't want to even hurt the flies but keep the door closed and the trash out back covered.  Peace.
My boyfriend and I decided to check this place out while we were in Las Vegas for the weekend. The menu looked good, so I was pretty excited about eating here.  We had to wait a little while for a table (maybe 15-20 minutes), which was no big deal. But then, it took 30 minutes for us to get coffee (also, you can't just order a coffee; you have to get a foofy, sugary espresso drink) and over an hour for all of our food to arrive. There were only about 10 tables in the whole restaurant and at least 5 employees working, so I can't see any reason that it should take that long. When the people sitting beside us asked about their food (they had received half of their food and waited 30-40 minutes for the rest, which never came), the owner gave them a condescending and long-winded speech about how she "refuses to have" industrial kitchen equipment and that they "should know" that her food comes out slowly. She even argued with them when they (very reasonably and politely) asked her not to charge them for food they didn't receive. She also talked about how she "refuses" to prepare food in advance-- including mixing batter or cutting vegetables. While I appreciate the sentiment of all of this, it is totally impractical. I get small-batch food prep, but there is absolutely no reason for a breakfast joint not to have, like, a waffle maker that can make more than 1 waffle at a time. I don't mind waiting a bit for good food, but 1-2 hours is ridiculous, especially when it doesn't even come out at the same (or even close to the same) time. The food was pretty good, but it was really expensive for the portion size. This is a place that is run by a woman on a high horse who has no idea how to operate a business.  I will say that, aside from the owner, the staff are very, very nice. They work hard and are very kind/polite, but they are stuck working for a very poorly-run business.
Yuck.  We just spent the weekend eating at vegas buffets so wanted to get back to our vegetarian ways. This place was highly rated so figured we would try it. It is in a weird location, industrial area. Small place, stuffy inside. The waitress is overly friendly. She called me sweety and touched my shoulder, got into my personal space too many times. She argued with the cook about what table number we were over us. Yes over us, one on one side of us, the other on the other side. The food took forever. Their 'coffee' was disgusting. It was sickly sweet and tasted like some kind of chocolately cinnamon goo. And I didnt even order the mocha one.  Our food was weird. I have eaten at several vegan places and liked the food. This was just super strange combinations of ingredients that dont compliment each other. And it was really expensive for what it was. I went to the bathroom, scary bathroom! And then when I came back from the bathroom, there was the server in my personal space again. I just didnt enjoy anything about the place, and it made me nauseous. This is the highest rated vegan place in vegas, Sooo glad I only visit the area instead of live here.
Let me start off by saying I really thought the food was great... fantastic food. But, like everyone else I can't get over this restraints inability to successfully run a "Restaurant". This seems like a perfect Restaurant Impossible episode. The food itself is a bit overpriced and being from California where the vegan food is more abundant, prices aren't this high. $17 dollars for a puff pastry plate (that's the price that I remember... could be wrong) it was really high in my opinion. There's nothing wrong with not knowing how to run a restaurant but this is why we hire bookkeeper's and watch finances closely. This place could be huge but fails because of their business model. Now, let me walk you through my experience at the restaurant... Walked in with my boyfriend and upon sitting down was told that the wait would be an hour and a half. Being the stubborn person I can be sometimes I insisted that we just wait since we drove out there. The wait ended up being about 40 minutes (not too bad). The waitress seemed jittery and grateful we stayed... something about it was off putting though. Revamping the restaurant and simplifying the menu (knocking down the prices a bit too : ] ) and this restaurant could flourish. It also made me a bit upset that they recommended that we call next time so they can save us a table but it shouldn't be like that. I come to Vegas often buuuut I probably won't be back here.
First of all, this is a generous 1 star only because there is no option for no stars.  I have nothing to say about Pura Vida's food because we never got to try it since this supposed community-friendly small business would not serve us at 1:45 because their clock said 1:50 when their hours clearly state they close at 2 pm.  Here's the story... my vegan friend is visiting so i bought the Groupon deal. On Saturday we planned to go for lunch and thankfully we called first and they said they close at 2. So on Sunday we tried to look at their menu online and were going to call in an order to pickup but their site had a bandwidth error message and so we could not see the menu.  As of right now you still can't see their website.  So we drove all the way across town and arrived at 1:45. As soon as we walked in the woman called out while we were still standing in the doorway that they were closed with an obvious grateful tone to turn us away. We tried to explain that we had tried to come for two days and it was a special treat for my vegan friend. She carelessly dismissed everything we said saying that they take the last order at 1:45 and that it is "the policy of the kitchen because the food takes so long." We practically begged to be served by this place and the woman had no care in the world.  I wanted to talk to someone else in charge but then I thought why bother this woman obviously doesn't want our business. So, I told her I would NEVER come back and she is very bad for business. Of course she couldn't care less. As we left I was further annoyed as I noticed a flashing open sign in the window. UGH!  Between my friend and I we have lived and worked in the service industry in Las Vegas, Miami, LA and Portland and have never experienced a small business having such audacity to turn away wold be happy customers. It was such a bad business move in these modern times of such high competition among businesses and the great opportunity for online reviews and word-of-mouth. Shame on you, Pura Vida.  It seems this place has good reviews and good food, but we will never know since we refuse to go back. We are all in favor of supporting local businesses, I am a Las Vegas native. In Las Vegas where the competition against big corporations is so great. We should all be supporting our community establishments, but when they make it clear they do not need our business what are we to do? Dominos pizza got our money today, again, Pura Vida, shame on you.  We will be refunding our Groupon and telling everyone we know to not bother going to Pura Vida before 1:45 pm, or ever.
The food is okay I have had better Vegan food but for now this one was close to my house and I though well I have a groupon, why not. The woman chef needs to learn how to control her temper or to go outside and yell. She gets flustered very quickly, and yelling to your employee how someone is now going to have to wait 45 minutes in front of every one in the small restaurant is not very appealing. I was told my meal was going to take 30-45 minutes, okay cool first time there, thought well maybe they were out of their element today. I came in 12 minutes early (i was told um sorry you are 12 minutes early) and the woman chef flipped. They need to get their act together if they want business. 45 minute waits is only going to turn people away. I hope their rent is cheap.
I got fooled by Yelp reviews!  My boyfriend, his mom, and I had not only the WORST experience at this restaurant, but also the most UNCOMFORTABLE experience!  We decided to dine here for breakfast when we saw the great reviews and noticed that the location was walking distance away from the outlet. We took a taxi from our hotel and arrived to the restaurant at 9:20 AM on Saturday. The restaurant looked closed. My boyfriend tried the door and it was locked. I decided to be resourceful and call the restaurant to see if they were open. (I wish I never made this call! We should've left and eaten elsewhere!) They answered and said they were open and had forgotten to unlock the doors.  The restaurant looked dirty (typical whole-in-the-wall type of place). We were seated and menus were distributed. When we rummaged through 3 different menus, we were horrified at how haphazardly the items were placed and completely confused on how to even order. To make matters worst, the server tried to explain the menu to us - even more OVERWHELMING and EXHAUSTING! Items that had fruits and avocados listed will now only come with bananas since avocados and other fruits were "not in season" for the restaurant. Some items would take over 45 minutes and other items you can't even order unless you made a reservation ahead of time.  Crap, we're stuck here. The taxi driver already left. So we decided to order a WOW, french toast with a side of WOW, and Tha' Waffle. However, we asked for the WOW to be made without potatoes (my boyfriend's mom is severely allergic). The server was completely confused on how to place the order. Apparently, the cook can't make that dish without the potatoes. So she suggested to order the items that come on that plate as a la carte. Fine, we ordered as a la carte. We were tired of looking at that puzzling menu.  15 minutes later the "Chef" decides to come talk to us about how the WOW plate would be prepared. (Wait, she didn't even start on the food yet?) She said she wouldn't be replacing the potatoes for something else since the potatoes are the bed of the plate and everything else goes on top, but rather she would be removing the potatoes and adding extra bit of this and that. So she was trying to UP-SELL us because my boyfriend's mom is allergic to potatoes? My boyfriend had to clarify to her that we are not going to pay extra. We don't care if she adds more of whatever she wants or doesn't add anything at all, just take out the potatoes! She continued talking and moving her hands and flailing her arms trying to describe us the plate. She kept emphasizing how she WOULD NOT REPLACE the potatoes but would be REMOVING them and adding other stuff. What in the world? Does this person know what the word "replace" means?  We say fine and she finally goes back to the kitchen. A table near us receives their food in a timely manner (15 minutes after ordering). We've been waiting 30 minutes now. The server says "THEIR FOOD CAME OUT FIRST BECAUSE THEY ORDERED YESTERDAY." What in the world?!?? After 45 minutes of this grueling wait, my boyfriend's mom's food comes out. The chef comes out, too! (Not again, stay in the kitchen please!) My boyfriend's mom is displeased and when the chef asks how her dish is, she says "So-so" (my boyfriend's mom's English is very limited, I'm surprised she didn't spit out what was in her mouth back on to the plate). Then the chef says, "All I want is a smile from her!" The audacity of this lady!!  There was a yellow flower placed on top of her plate of food. She took the flower off the plate and placed it on the table. When my waffle came out a few minutes later, the chef came out again! Then she takes the flower off the table and places it on top of my waffle and says, "You get a flower too!" Is this place that cheap that they have to reuse garnishing?!??  Overall, our experience was horrifying! I've never had vegan food before and if this is the best that a vegan restaurant can offer, then I can never be a vegan.  If you still want to dine there, here are some tips:  1. Order your food the day before you plan on actually eating it 2. Be ready to wait for at least 45 minutes for your food if you didn't order yesterday 3. Don't get an explanation of the menu 4. Stay away from talking to the chef  The bill was $49 before tip - we ordered only three plates and no drinks. A little pricey for disgusting food and even worse service.
TOTAL DISAPPOINTMENT.  Do not waste your time or money and... Possibly the meanest thing I can say about a local business in this city. I'm counting the days till this place goes out of business...and it will, here's why; - Disorganized; menu, kitchen, and staff. - Poor customer service. - Consistently poor customer experiences (Most of the 1 star reviews are consistent and accurate, I should have read them before) - Overpriced specialty menu.  These people obviously have ZERO clue how to run a kitchen or a business. I don't know if they are out back harvesting the wheat and soybeans for their tofu but seriously, I could have birthed, raised, slaughtered, and cooked a cow in the time it takes them to make a goddamn waffle!  We (2 of us) were the 3rd table sat. NO ONE had food. The other two tables had already placed their orders. We placed our order on what appeared to be a menu designed by epileptic 9 yr old with a sever case of Aspergers syndrome (note: As someone w/epilepsy, I find this menu design  VERY insulting).  We attempt to order Tha' Waffle and their  insanely overpriced breakfast burrito. 15 mins later 4th table fills, then eventual the remaining tables slowly fill.  25 mins later the 4th table gets all their food. The 3 original tables are still without. Some polite banter between us the waitress to see what the hold up is and never a clear response.  The waitresses are now telling people who are slowly filing in that there is an hour wait and that, "we're closing at 2:00...that will only leave 15 mins, so don't bother waiting." (yes, this is an actual quote)  "They all just came at once" (which is total bullshit, I've been sitting here for over an hour.) At this point it had been an hour SINCE we placed our order. We walked out   Went up the street to Omelet house. We were seated, orders placed, and served in 20 mins and spent $20. If I had actually paid for what we order, bill would have been about $32.  running a vegetarian or vegan restaurant is not super expensive unless you are a complete f*ing moron.  If I could rate them on a CFM scale, 5 Stars!
*le sigh*   I really didn't want it to come to this because well, as a vegan there are very few places I can go to eat, but after disappointment after disappointment I'm sorry to say I will not be coming back to Pura Vida any time soon. This was my letter to Chef Mayra after the Titanic x Hindenburg disaster that was their Valentine's Day dinner.   "I hate to say it but I am livid and a bit appalled after tonight's Valentine's dinner. We paid $75 for 15 courses; you gave up after 12, and a couple of the courses were thrown & plated together last minute instead of being the separate courses they were advertised as. When you pay for something, you should receive it. Not only were we denied the extra courses, but it took forever to get them - you asked us to come early and that dinner would be served 6-9 PM; the first course wasn't even served until 6:40 PM. We left at 10 PM (we had plans at 9:30 - oh well!) confused as to where the rest of the courses were. There was very little explanation or communication and definitely poor planning. As a vegan I was excited for this opportunity and have eaten at your establishment many times, as well as referred you to others, but this will most likely be my last time. My husband really wanted this year to be special, but it was a huge headache. If you do this next year I hope you severely edit the menu and the prices so everyone leaves satisfied and at the designated time. You knew how many people were coming well in advance and should have had a test run of some sort. The only semblance of apology came from your servers when the food was not being served in the beginning. My husband is now even complaining he's still hungry as we didn't eat earlier in the day to fit this event in! This is one of the worst of not the absolute worst restaurant experiences I have ever been privy to and I hope to never repeat this episode of Vegan Survivor ever again."  I appreciate that everything is made ready-to-order, but when you're serving FIFTEEN courses to 40 guests who you asked to arrive early and did actually have a definitive ending time of 9 PM, you have to make sure it goes smoothly which it did not. My husband and I were starved for over an hour before the food started coming. We estimated our time of exit by how "quickly" the food was coming out and it should have ended past midnight! Completely awful. A bunch of people left (and I wish I were one of them), and I'm pretty sure every single person left unsatisfied.   This establishment has absolutely 0 business acumen and it is going to hurt them. You don't even have to watch a couple episodes of Kitchen Nightmares to realize Pura Vida is doing it wrong. If you have to come out and explain every menu item as well as feel the need to put pictures of the food in the convoluted menu, as a diner you should run immediately.   Now I was going to give Pura Vida the benefit of the doubt since they did email the patrons and offered the rest of the courses, we just had to email & give the time we're coming in. Which my husband did. And apparently he had to confirm back which was not explained whatsoever. So he is currently at Pura Vida waiting for them to make the final meal we will enjoy from there.   I sincerely wish Chef Mayra luck (she's going to need it!) but I will not be back.   P.S. To the servers - good luck, you were the best part of the place, always trying to make it work when you are as confused as the customer, and I hope she supplies plenty of aspirin for the hourly headaches you have to have from working there.
Ok, this place was really weird. I wanted to like it, but it's very expensive and kind of confusing.  We got there about 10 minutes before the last call for breakfast orders. Our waitress confirmed we'd still be able to order breakfast. She handed us like four menus, explained nearly every item on each one, and almost all of them had a catch (something missing, etc). Then we got a second waitress who took at least 15 minutes to get to us. We were not allowed to order breakfast.  The food wasn't bad by any means, but it wasn't anything special.
I like to eat at Pura and I bring all my non vegan friends/family all the time... I don't mind the 1 hour wait for the food... I even think the waitresses are nice.   I want to support a restaurant that is cruelty free.  But something happened today when i went to eat there... I ordered pancakes, and the table next to me ordered pancakes too.  Now, I was there before that table sat down and ordered.  So i'm waiting very patiently for my food ( i am waiting an hour)  when finally the waitress put my pancakes on my table.  As soon as I was gonna dig in, the other waitress comes and takes it off my table and says it's for the table next to me.  My waitress asked me if I had that same order and i said yes.  She then came back to tell me that since a kid ordered pancakes.. they want to get food out to the kids first.  I just thought that was the stupidest reason ever!!! I was like WTF.  What restaurant does that?  I don't care who ordered pancakes... i ordered first!  I'm grouchy when I'm hungry :)  (Imagine waiting an hour for your food, only to have the table next you who order after you.. get your food)   This just turned me off!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I don't know what to say about this incident.  I think I'm going to take a break from Pura for awhile. :(
This place is pretty awful. The decor is all over the place. Random crap on the ways, pictures of turkeys, bad pics of what I presume is the chefs mom, and a weird slide show on a random monitor. Four or five really unorganized menus that are explained to every detail. Many items are unavailable or don't have all the ingredients. Food takes forever to get to the table and when it did it was cold. I got the tofu scramble which comes with cheesy potatoes, sausage, and random cucumbers.  I have never heard of cucumbers with food that is supposed to be hot. Anyway, as I said before the food arrived cold. The potatoes and sausage were cold and not to mention the sausage tasted like rubber. The hold plate looked like they just threw everything on the plate. No technique and no real concept of an actual meal.    I could only manage a few bites until I had to tell the waitress that the food was cold and quite frankly, not very good. Before taking it back she mentions the window might have made it cold. This shit was cold when it arrived.  I've eaten vegan food plenty of times and this place is no where the other places I've been.  I eat at Native Foods in Southern California often. Their food has never been cold even when I'm actually outside.  But I digress, the chef comes out and makes some passive aggressive comment about the window.  Bitch it has nothing to do with the damn window.  She tells me," everyone else loves that meal. Next time I see your face I will make sure I cook your food at a 160 degrees and bring it right out to you." She continues with excuses like I don't know shit about food. She says," we don't use a microwave and the food gets cold at the pass."  A few minutes later she brings my girlfriend's food at and says some other bullshit as she sets it down," let me make sure it's out of the way of the window." It's not the window!! You gave me cold ass food which was also disgusting. The food is all over the place. Well I know I will never be back. The food was shit and as soon as I let them know that I was served bad/cold food the service became bad as well.  I wish this place would was chosen for Gordon Ramsey's kitchen nightmares. He is the only who could save that place.  I strongly advise against going there.  Recap: pretty bad quality, unorganized menus and way too expensive.  Just don't go there.
Here's a list of things I could hypothetically do in the amount of time it takes Pura Vida to make lunch:  - Read a few books on the subject of restaurant ownership - Build an organic  farm in my backyard - Grow an entire crop of fruits and vegetables - Learn to cook an entire menu's worth of vegetarian recipes - Get a restaurant business license - Get a small business loan and lease a suitable property - Grow a full, luxurious beard  I had a lunch reservation at 1:45. At 2:30 they called me up to tell me that they could not have my food ready until 3:15. I ordered a quesadilla and some soup, not The Great Pyramids of Egypt.   Instead of apologizing for wasting my time, the chef immediately got defensive and indignant with me. The whole restaurant got to watch a soap opera moment unfold as she blamed her employee for poor time management, then she blamed me for not being flexible. Dinner and a show!   I do not recommend you to go to Pura Vida Bakery & Bystro.
I haven't even been to this place to eat yet because I can't even get a reservation!!   I have tried using my Groupon and tried making a reservation, but they don't even have reservations available on certain days or at certain times that would work for my schedule and theirs.   Plus, I have been put on hold for over 15min. one time waiting to get a reservation for the next day since they didn't have availability.  So, I hung up and then tried calling back just to get the answering machine.   The person that answers the phone is the owner.   Tried to call again today and make a reservation and they had NO availability. Asked her to honor my Groupon when they had a reservation I could make & she blamed Groupon and said she would not be able to honor it for me (only what I paid for it $10, but not the discounted portion full $20).  Really??  Over $10, you can't accommodate someone that is trying to make a reservation that can't get in and has never been to your restaurant?    Then, she tells me I can walk in today??  Really!!? I told her but your Groupon says that I have to make a reservation!  Thanks for telling me that ahead of time.    WOW WOW WOW!  Not a place for me, so I have contacted Groupon to help me out because I don't want to every step foot in a ridiculous place like this.    If you can't handle the Groupon load, you have no business advertising through Groupon!   PS to the Restaurant:  A lot of Groupon people are also YELPERS, so I would be a little more accommodating to those that review your restaurant!   Very disappointed customer, so shall I say... didn't even get that far!  :(
My friend and I came here for the first (and probably last) time because I saw a groupon and thought it would be cool to try some Vegan food.  The place is very small and almost looks like it's from a movie taking place in old Mexico, from the outside, but that's beside the point.  We entered with open minds.  Upon seeing the inside of the restaurant we noticed the entire place had about 10 tables, most of which were 2-tops, and I wondered why a reservation was required.  A woman at the register seated us with no mention of  a reservation, so I didn't worry about it. While we were looking over the menu, this very tall, overbearing Latin woman in chef-type attire came to the table next to us with a man dressed also as a chef.  It took a minute for me to realize that she was the owner/head chef reprimanding the other chef for his portion size using the 2 customers as living examples, IN FRONT OF the customers, WHILE they were eating the food!!! Very strange and uncomfortable for the customers, and unprofessional in general. I ordered a wrap that said it should come with either chili or a side salad or soup but was told there is no soup so I was instead offered a fruit salad.  This came first and although the variety of fruits on top and the portion size looked very good, I soon realized that all the apple slices at the bottom were bitter from aging.  So I left the whole bottom of the fruit plate untouched. After about 40 min. from ordering, and watching the head chef woman walk around all over the place but not in the kitchen, we asked the server if the food was almost ready.  She THEN explained that due to "macro cooking" processes, they cook at a super low heat and it takes longer than a regular restaurant.  Would have appreciated knowing that BEFORE we ordered.  Maybe we would have gotten a quick  appetizer or something.  Anyway, a few minutes later our entrees finally came out.  My wrap ended up looking different than I expected, with the "tomato slices" being 2 tiny pcs of tomato as a garnish, rather than inside my wrap as the description made it sound.  But it tasted good and I was hungry so that was fine. My friend had ordered basically a veggie sandwich with garlic and peppers.  What she got was a glorified grilled cheese sandwich.  We brought it up to the server who seemed confused and went to the kitchen to verify what she had told them.  Then she went to the chef to ask.  (Why didn't one of the only 2 servers in the place know what the menu item was supposed to consist of?)  Then the chef comes over and proceeds to give a laundry list of excuses as to why the food was WAAAAAY different than described in the menu.  She says there's a disclaimer at the bottom that we missed stating something about chef changing menu items as she sees fit, that she hadn't been happy with the integrity of the sandwich as it was or something, that she had a new baker whose bread was now 2x the size so we got a great value, that the sandwich actually does have tomatoes as promised (though they were just 2 little slices on the side), that my friend was confused and should've ordered a different item if that's what she wanted.  Then, after forcing excuses on us in her overbearing way, for like 5 minutes, she asks "but is everything good?  Does it all taste ok?".  It was so awkward.  So my friend and I both said everything was fine to get this very tall, overpowering woman away from us.   Both of us agreed the food tasted just fine, but was misrepresented.  I think if nothing else had been different, at least the simple paper menus in plastic sleeves could've been retyped to reflect that certain menu items were COMPLETELY different than described.  The customer service by chef/owner woman was terrible, and by the servers was just ok.  I feel that the people here put out the minimum amt of effort possible until you ask questions (that you dont' know you should have to ask) and then when an issue comes up, it's like it's the customer's fault.  No apology or discount was offered to rectify my friend's meal.  So we will probably never go back and spread this info to everyone we know who may be interested in Vegan food.  I'm sure there are other better places out here in Vegas.
Very poor customer service!  Went to try with the family after hearing a lot of good things about the food.  We arrived exactly an hour before they closed and after waiting a few minutes(although we were seen by employees upon entry) at the front were asked if we had a reservation by someone running helplessly back and forth behind the counter.  We replied  that we did not and she stated that they would not be able to serve us then because they were " way backed up and would be closing in a few minutes" (even though we were there an hour before listed closing and there were at least five tables open).  We advised the lady that we had a Groupon that was expiring that day and maybe we could use it for take out or at least the bakery.  She declined but did inform us that THEY would still allow us to use it for the original value we paid.  I told her that this was Groupon's policy already and not the restaurants and she just shrugged and said "sorry".  This poor example of customer service unfortunately cannot change my mind about this place no matter how good the food is supposed to be.  If this is how this establishment chooses to operate they shouldn't be in the sit down restaurant business.  Because of this experience, I will be sure to STRONGLY ADVISE AGAINST ANYONE TRYING THIS PLACE.
I had second thought upon arrival, but we were in Vegas for the first time and a vegan place is hard find in town.  Upon ordering, we were warned that groupons will not be accepted due to some holidays. And it wasn't a holiday that we were aware of!   The menu was unorganized and ridiculously expensive; $14-17/dish. The place is pretty downscale. I  We ordered our breakfast and had it for lunch! The wait was absolutely crazy! We were told if you called in advance then food will be ready "earlier". Definitely don't visit if you want to get in/out w/in an hour, because you'll be waiting that hour just to get your food
Reviews say that you wait a long time here for your food; We didn't even get any food!  After the waitress seated my wife and I at the one decently lit free table, and we were ready to order, Mayra decided that a party of three which had just entered deserved our table more than we did and told us that we were sitting at the "wrong table", and demanded we move.   Now if she had said, please, or, excuse me, or sorry, or do you mind, we would have cooperated.   But there was no reason that the threesome, (which turned out to be there for take-away and NOT for a table)  should have had priority over us.  When I told Mayra that we would rather leave, she pointedly replied that this was a community restaurant, implying that our behavior was inappropriate.  So we got up to leave.   At that point someone told Mayra that the threesome was there for take-away, which should have been her cue to apologize to us, offer us a free drink, and invite us to be seated, but nooooooo.  So we left.
This vegan restaurant is still located in a less than desirable section of town and the furnishings are second hand store quality, but we were here for the food. Our server again attempted to up sell us on an appetizer, but we learned from past experience that the quantity of food served is too much for us.  My wife ordered the Sexy short stack  - organic flour pancakes made with cinnamon & real vanilla. It was billed as having vegan maple syrup whatever that is plus lots of seasonal fruit which turned out to be over ripe bananas.  I fared no better with Tha' Waffle - a big waffle that I upgraded with seasonal fruit (same overripe  bananas) and a dollop of whipped cream for $1 - heavy and tasteless. Both the server and kitchen were on "don't worry, be happy" time, so it took awhile for our orders to arrive. Prices are high and this meal proved to be disappointing on several levels.
I have been eating at Pura Vida since they initially opened. As a matter of fact, I have been a customer of Chef Mayra's since BEFORE this restaurant opened-- my father hired her to bake me a vegan cake for my 21st birthday.  In terms of Pura Vida, the food at this establishment has been consistently good. Yes, the wait is long; yes, the menus are all over the place; yes, the place is run in a discombobulated fashion; yes, sometimes the staff is short with customers. But the food has always been tasty.   My visit earlier today, though, will mark the last time that I patronize them. Ever. Please read of my experience below:  My friend and I walked in around 11AM and were briskly told to "read the sign!" Looking around, we were unsure of what sign to read. When it was pointed out to us, it stated plainly that no Groupons would be accepted this weekend following the 4th of July, and that if we have a Groupon we can come back tomorrow. [This immediately gave me a flashback to Father's Day weekend '13 when I came in with a different friend and, upon attempting to redeem her Groupon, were told that they would not accept it due to the holiday weekend. Even though it expired that weekend, and no where on the Groupon did it say that it was void on holiday weekends].   Continuing on... Not having a Groupon on this visit, my friend and I didn't worry about the sign. We were then asked, rather shortly, "So do you still want to eat here?!" I could barely get the 'yes' out of my mouth before we were then asked, "Well, do you have a reservation?!" Having not EVER made a reservation, save for Mother's Day '13, I said 'no'. We were then met, pretty much, with a, "Let me see if we have room for you". Thankfully, after a brief time, we were seated.   Upon choosing our meals, our orders were taken. I decided on 'Tha Frenchie', which is a french toast dish with syrup, bananas, fresh berries [when they are in season], and "A DRIZZLING" of chocolate syrup. Having ordered this dish on Mother's Day and not able to eat more than two bites because it was absolutely DRENCHED in chocolate syrup [and had no berries, since they were not in season], I politely asked three questions this time: 1) Are berries in season? (yes) 2) So there will be berries on my french toast? (yes) 3) Can I please order the dish with no chocolate syrup? (yes)  After some great conversation with my friend, our meals arrived. My french toast had no chocolate syrup on it, but neither did it have any berries. Before the waitress walked away I said, "Oh! It looks like the berries are missing. May I please have my berries?" to which she replied, "Let me check".  Puzzled by this response, my friend and I exchanged looks.  Chef Mayra, the owner, then walked abrasively up to our table and lectured me on how my choosing to get no chocolate syrup messed up the flavor profile and, essentially, how dare I think that I could further ruin the flavor profile by enjoying berries on the dish with no chocolate syrup (?). It really made no sense at all, so I then said, "Well, the menu says that the dish comes with fresh berries...I just didn't want the chocolate..." Chef Mayra then continued and stated that I am "lucky" that she is here today, else her chefs would not have even altered her "Signature Dish" to the extent of not putting chocolate syrup on it because they are trained to not alter the Signature Dishes.   Oh, but this is a special day--- so she then handed me one large strawberry, sliced up on a plate. "Here is your berry this time. But we won't be able to do this next time".  Wow.   I felt like that was a huge slap in the face. And the whole deal still doesn't make much sense to me. Why was she in such a bad mood? Why was she so offended that I didn't want chocolate syrup? To be sure, I didn't mention the thirteen wasted dollars on Mother's Day due to the french toast being ruined by a gallon of chocolatey goodness. Maybe I should have?   In any case, I felt like a very undervalued customer today. In the time since Pura Vida opened its doors, I have brought A LOT of varied business to them-- business that would have, initially, never even considered this restaurant less I suggested  it.  It really is too bad to see such a good restaurant idea not live up to its potential because of bad customer service. As a vegan, I loved to eat here. But my money (and my partner's, and my friends', and my family members') money will be spent elsewhere. At restaurants where we aren't treated like annoyances.
Found the waitress to be overbearing, hardly gave us 5 mins at a time without telling us something additional about the confusing, repetitive menu. and as other food was coming out, would stop and show/describe other customers' food, without us asking for that...   And then there were bugs in my salad, but it was my moms first visit to a vegan restaurant and I didn't want her to NOT eat, didn't want the other customers knowing (really small place) and didn't want to embarrass the overly enthused waitress.... :(    Sad experience bc I had been wanting to go there for quite a while.
Pura Vida has amazing food, it is over priced but the quantities are large enough to share between two people . On to Chef Mayra, the lady can cook but she has no idea how to run a restaurant. My husband and I got a groupon and told the server,she then explained the "very limited choices" we had in order to use our groupon. The limited choices included about 6 dishes not including drinks or anything else. The menu is very extensive and complicated and it took the server about 7 minutes to "run through everything". the server was great about everything, you know she had to deal with Chef Mayra who is by the way yelling across the tiny restaurant at her saying, you've got to get tot his table and do this etc etc etc while she's trying to take orders from other customers. Our table was also moved (with us already sat down for 15 minutes) by Chef Mayra herself while we were sitting trying to drink our coffee. It stressed me out having to be moved around and listen to Chef Mayra bitch and moan while we were just trying to eat peacefully. Also, if you don't have any coupons or anything, prices for one dish are anywhere from $12.00-$17.00 . Flavored water is $4.00 smoothies are $8.00. astronomical! Just Fyi. Also, upon arriving we were asked if we made reservations, um...what? We were not aware of this. Then Mayra made it seem like we were intruding. Not a fan.
Unfortunately I will no longer be eating here. I love the food and I, for the record, am not a vegan. When I ate here less than a week ago the service was enough to put me over the edge. I know that there is always a wait for the food and I was aware the pricing was a little high. This time the owner made me feel as though my patronage was not welcome. I understand that the recipes are carefully created but at the end of the day if I want to make a substitution that's my prerogative. I will no longer be eating here and "ruining the flavor profiles" of her signature dishes. I wish this was not the case but I will no longer eat at this restaurant.
These folks don't understand that good service makes up at least 50% of the equation if you want to run a successful restaurant. Good food alone doesn't cut it. Hubby and I went here on the reco of some friends. Food was tasty, but service and most importantly, the staff's attitude, was unbelievably poor.   Do yourself a favor and pass on Pura Vida.
I went in here when I visited Las Vegas in mid August.  We had a reservation on Sunday at 1 PM, but we went in at 12: 00 PM. Oh Boy, was Chef a bit angry at the Waitress because we came in earlier lol. But hey, we got in and sat down anyway. There were 2 more tables filled out of 8 tables. We were 3 tables with customers at that hour.  We ordered a Sampler meal (forgot the name. It had a main dish with empanadas,potatoes, zucchini noodles, cucumbers and salsa. Side dish was 2 pancakes). This was delivered at 1 PM, 45 mins after we ordered.Idiotic! It tasted alright..a little bit char taste in potatoes. Maybe because carribean food is in BBQ style?  Then, we decided to order Quesedilla. While we waited, a group of 4 came in for a take out and the Chef came out and outright denied to serve them. I felt it created a BAD vibe to all of us to shoo away others that way with no valid reason. The restaurant still had 1 more hour to close!!!  Quesedilla was served after 45 mins and had a burnt taste to it. It was stuffed with peppers/onions. Again, it had Zuchcni noodles on the side, Chipotle sauce dip. At this point, Chef came and stood next to us expecting a pat on her back from me. I did not pat her nor compliment her. I said the food is alright and not bad. I asked her why she shooed away some customers who came in 30 mins ago.  She said "I cannot accommodate them because we are about to close". My foot. Then, I asked what her aspirations were & her vision for her restaurant. She said "I do not intent to serve in this location" (which was shady by the way) "& I am meant to be at a bigger place". Good luck lady!  That condescending attitude never helps anyone become successful in any business.  if you do not mind getting bad vibes while you eat there, give it a try. Or else, you are better off trying a new vegan dish at home & be happy.
This is a tough one.  After reading through all the other reviews more thoroughly *after* my experience, I was glad to see that I'm not crazy and that my experience wasn't unique.  My boyfriend and I arrived at 1:30pm on a Saturday.  My mistake - I thought they were open until 2:00pm as per the Yelp app, but the Chef vigorously and almost frantically informaed us that they closed at 1:45pm, therefore they only had 5 items available. We mentioned that that was fine since we only had an hour anyway since we were headed to the airport.  This invoked another frantic explanation about how she needed TIME to prepare the food and couldn't be RUSHED.  This whole encounter was stressing me out...  I asked if we could get anything to go and she pointed out some vegan cupcakes then mentioned she could get us some chili! Awesome!!  Chili it is!!  We ordered two servings of chili to go.  We sat down at an empty table to wait for our chili.  There was only one other couple in the restaurant and they appeared to be done with their meal - i.e. no plates or silverware, enjoying coffee.  We continued to wait.  After about 10 minutes I stood up to clarify our order with the guy behind the register.  We ordered chili to-go, right?  The guy called out to inquire about the status of the chili and the Chef burst out of the kitchen saying, yes, you ordered it to go, right? Right? I'm preparing it to go.  Right? That's what I understood. To go!!  The whole experience was just kind of bizarre. And dramatic. And borderline rude.  Not to mention that while we we waiting a group of four came in.  They got the same frantic explanation about the limited menu. They chose to sit down.  They made the mistake of bringing in outside drinks (iced coffees).  Now, while I was waiting I spied the signs about outside drinks not being allowed.  I then watched the chef approach the table and just take the drinks from the customers and put them in the garbage. No verbal explanation. No, "Hey, would you like to finish that? We don't allow outside drinks." She just took them from the customers and threw them away. REALLY?? The customers were kind of playing along with the drama, but you could tell that that action was a direct hit.  Finally the two 16 oz containers of chili come out.  Yay! Then he rings me up. $10 per serving??  I'm sorry, that seems high to me. $21.62 for two medium sized containers to go??  Whatever, just give me my food.  And now onto the food!  The one thing I ordered.  It was a pumpkin, squash, black bean chili.  It was excellent! The mixture was seasoned really well, the flavors and textures were well combined... it was some of the best vegan chili I've ever had!  I really wanted to have a great experience.  The cool, divey exterior, the photos of adopted turkeys on the walls, the fact it was a fully-vegan shop... but I didn't. And honestly, I don't think I would go back.  Footnote: as we  were leaving and getting ready to pull out of the parking lot, the group of four has decided to leave as well.  I don't blame them.
The food was awesome, the prices were high, the experience was dramatic and stressful. I walked in with my girlfriend, my mom and my dad right at 9:00 when they opened on Sunday. We were told that since we didn't make reservations to take a card and make reservations next time.(I tried to call them at 8:30 to make reservations that morning but there was no answer). The chef was pretty stressed that we had no reservations but she reluctantly  sat us in the "VIP" area.  There was one other table of people eating when we sat down. A few more tables came in while we were eating but it never got full so I didn't get the whole reservation thing.  The first thing out of the mouth of our waitress was, "let me tell you what we don't have". Not the best way to start. After a loooong and confusing  explanation of what we could and could not order, we decided on a few things.   The food took a while but when it came out it was awesome. Really fresh and super yummy. The chef came over to talk to us at one point about animals and why we shouldn't eat them. I'm vegan. I get it. I respect her passion and generally like quirky, eccentric people but my advice would be to take it down a notch and chill.  Everything is going to be alright.
Horrible service.  Glaciers form faster than the kitchen can make the simplest dishes.  The menu is a schizo mess with half of the items not even available.  Food is just OK, nowhere near amazing like they imagine.  There are so many better options for delicious fresh vegetarian food in Vegas.
I stopped in here on a Thursday night around 8pm. I was drawn in by the sandwich board sign that had all sorts of good dishes listed. The restaurant was much bigger on the inside than expected and it was brightly lit, colorful and welcoming.  However, when I opened the door, I only saw 4 people sitting at a circular table towards the middle/ back of restaurant. I wasn't sure if they were customers or people who worked there. They didn't acknowledge my presence so I waved a little and asked, "Are you open?"  Someone answered, "Yes," but they all continued to sit there. Talking amongst themselves. Were they playing cards? Having a staff meeting? I don't know, but it was bad customer service to not get up and show us a table or at least smile and stand up.  My friend an I picked a table and went to sit. Menus appeared but no drinks were offered. The four of them continued to sit at the table. It looked like one of them was folding menus. Maybe the other 3 people were friends visiting the restaurant. Maybe not.  But a customer standing in front of you takes priority over folding menus and chatting amongst yourselves.  The menu choices looked good. It's too bad I didn't have a server to come talk to us and keep our interest. My friend and I took this bad start as an omen to bad service for the whole meal and we got up and left.  Service at a restaurant is nearly as important as the food. Nothing makes food taste worse than bad service. And you can be sure, a customer won't come back if bad service was given and no amends were made to make it better. Worse yet, a customer will give a bad review and tell their friends the service sucked.  As much as I would give this place a one-star, I respect the fact that this is a "mom & pop" kind of place, I'm not trying to drop their business. However, these folks need to know because of my experience, if someone told me the food was awesome here, I'd have to follow up with my personal experience outlined in this review.
Our family was led to the Jammin' Jerk Hut by a Restaurant.com coupon.  The location is at the very end of a strip mall circa early 1980s, which is completely vacant, save for the very last three storefronts:  the Jammin Jerk Hut; the next-door storefront, which is Flavor Flav's House of Flavor; and the room on the other side, from which we could hear live reggae music being played.  I like reggae, but I was a bit concerned because my daughter is very sensitive to loud music and other noises.  We entered the restaurant to find two people inside, one of whom apparently is the proprietor, and the other seemed to be a friend of his.  Interestingly, you could barely hear the music once inside.  The atmosphere is pretty nice for a small ethnic restaurant.  It had interesting wicker furniture and art, and the room is painted bright colors.  There was a documentary movie about Bob Marley and the Wailers playing on the TV.  We chose a booth and sat down.  The proprietor came over to ask us if we wanted anything to drink.  We ordered water.  He asked what type of bottle.  I asked for tap water.  It was 114 degrees in Las Vegas that day.   "We don't have tap water," was the reply.  I reluctantly ordered a large bottle of Perrier water, not knowing how much it would cost.  He touted the homemade Jamaican juices, so I ordered my daughter a pineapple-tamarind juice for a steep $4.99.  After several minutes, he returned with drinks and we ordered.  We were interested in the curry shrimp, and my daughter was excited to see dumplings.  They were out of both.    I asked what kind of fish the fish was, and he said he had tilapia and butterfish.  We settled on jerk chicken and steamed butterfish.  My daughter also got a Jamaican beef patty.  Then we waited, and waited.  He was cooking himself and was busy with that back in the kitchen, or maybe he was grilling outside.  Meanwhile another woman entered.  She asked us at one point if we had ordered, but otherwise appeared busy with other things, and then not so busy, but did not come back to check on us.  After at least 20 minutes, by which time our kids were very cranky, he brought some plantains in tinfoil, some jerk rice in a styrofoam container, and the jamaican meat patty on a ceramic plate, along with four small plastic forks wrapped in paper napkins.  I asked him if he could bring any more plates, pointing to the ceramic plate.  He muttered something like "we don't usually do that" and left.  The plantains were very good, although not quite hot.  The rice was good.  The meat patty ($2.59) was delicious.  It is very similar to an empanada, with a slightly spicy ground beef filling, but not too spicy for my daughter.  She was very happy with it.    About 10 minutes later, he brought the jerk chicken and fish, on ceramic plates.  My wife thought the jerk chicken (about $11) was ok, but I thought it was excellent, as was the potato salad and rice on the side.  The side green salad was fresh and good, although there was no dressing.  I don't know if this was by design or by accident, but this dinner was already a big hassle and we didn't want to wait another half hour for dressing.  There was nothing wrong with the way the fish (about $19) was prepared, steamed with onions, carrots, potatoes, and seasonings, and it was definitely fresh, but it wasn't really my thing.  However, I'm pretty sure he brought me the tilapia because it didn't taste like butterfish.  It also came with excellent potato salad, green salad, and rice.  It seemed expensive for what it was.  To summarize, the food was good, but the service was quite possibly the worst service I have ever experienced in a restaurant, anywhere.  I don't usually care so much about service, but it really needs to meet a minimum level, which this didn't.  Also, as long as I am in a fully developed country and paying first-world prices, I don't appreciate not having the option of ordering tap water.    After a few attempts of ringing us up, the total was about $53, less a $15 coupon, for a net of $38.  Even with the coupon, it felt a bit expensive. I'm glad they didn't remember to add the standard 18% tip associated with a restaurant.com coupon because they certainly didn't deserve one.    I gave him my credit card and he disapppeared briefly.  My wife was outside and she later told me she saw him in Flavor Flav's.  Apparently they share a credit card reader.  From reading other reviews, apparently this place previously was a take-out only establishment.  It would behoove both the owners and customers to go back to being take-out only.  This would relieve them of the burden of service.   I would order the jerk chicken and meat patty again, but only by phoning in a take-out order.     Or even better, why not sell the jerk chicken at a table at a farmer's market or swap meet, so they could just focus on one item without running out of things.  I'm sure they would do very well and have many happy customers.
This place was the worst Jamaican restaurant ever. To start, I bought a groupon for this place, which was spend $10 get half off. The young man working the register said he didn't know what it was then in the next breath he stated you get smaller portions if you use it. The next is the selections of drinks were limited and not only that it was 4.00 for a small drink. I ask for a cup of water and he said all he has is tap water and he doesnt want to serve that. Also it states on a sign outside that if you spend $20.00 you get a free bowl of soup. They never even mentioned it my party. Last the sitting was horrible. There is enough room for a party of 4. Like I stated before I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. I wouldn't consider this authentic Jamaican food.
Ok so was really hyped that there was a Jamaican restaurant in Vegas so decided to check this place out. First off we walk in and its dark and two people sitting at bar and another lady sitting at a table, she acknowledge us after I said "do we just sit anywhere." After that another lady came out and we got served rather fast, which was nice. We had the chicken foot soup which was great. Then we ordered the oxtail with rice and peas and plantain and my daughter was talked into getting the fish. This is where it starts going down hill. The rice and peas tasted as if it was old and the oxtail was just ok and was missing the butter beans. Then my daughter's dish was $18 and I noticed that she got half of the fish while the server was eating the other half. I could be wrong but my daughter got the tail end of the fish and the server was eating the head portion of it in her dinner. Then after we finished our soda's we wanted some water and was given bottled water which ran $1.99 a piece, now I see in Vegas that you can go to the store and get a 24 pack of water for $2.99 or less so I felt a little ripped off. Our bill ran over $100 for all 4 people. Very disappointed since my family is Jamaican and I know how the food is really suppose to taste. I have had better and only the soup was worth going back for. Probably wont go back if I am ever in Vegas again.
I can't believe this place is open. First we walk in and it's empty except for a lady who seems to work there but we're not quite sure because she didn't acknowledge us until we randomly chose a table and sat after a minute of standing around. Then we sat for a few minutes and then she got on the phone and continued to ignore us. I wish I could say the food is amazing but we left because the whole experience was just awkward.
This is a horrible establishment no customer service what so ever they gave me no sauce for my chicken it was dry now u know jerk chicken taste different without the sauce the lady was rude and they have bugs roaches crawling around so I advise u to just stay away from this place it's in the ghetto u may even get robbed located in a drug dealer area I even smelled weed in the resturant this place is a shit hole they took my money and never gave me my change they are thieves and come to find out they aint even Jamaican STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE. the tall light skin lady who is the owner has her workers living in the restaurant. Worse experience i ever had in my life we want her business out our neighborhood
This place is a small hole in the wall, but wasn't too hard to find.  My girlfriend got the jerk chicken and she said it was okay.  The meat pie was tasty, I still crave this like crazy.  I'm giving this place two stars because of their awful customer service. I tipped them since the woman who took my order was very nice, but the two guys who worked there looked at me and didn't say anything.  I expect at least a thank you, because I tip isn't necessary or required.  When I entered I didn't get greeted, when leaving I didn't get a have a nice day.  I actually had to speak first and say that I ordered for takeout.  Customer service is a big deal and when an establishment lacks it, I usually won't return even if the food is good.   So I give 2 stars for the meat pie, fix the service and work on the jerk chicken.
Meat patties are from the Dollar Tree store down the street. The lady served it to us right out of the microwave, still in the paper wrap. Never again!
Tried it again and was disappointed. Microwaved patties...YUCK! I cant really remember what I had the second time. I am no chef but my food tastes better, sorry. This place is still better than Tasty Island though.   Even though serviced and food sucked the second time , decided to return again because I was being lazy in not wanting to cook, but guess what THE RESTAURANT IS NOW CLOSED DOWN...but I am not surprised. Places like this usually do not last long. Food is not consistent and service can suck.
I paid about $10 for an oxtail meal and it had about 4 oxtail in the container. The gravy was flour-y and light brown. Disgusting food! I would never return! Try Caribbean Cuisine on 67th & Bethany Home.
I didn't give them 1 star because of the food. I have been wanting to try this place for a while. I work down the street from their location and I had been going to the Subway  that is across the parking lot from Esters, but recently me and my co-workers became ill from Subway's food so this was a perfect time to try Esters. Unfortunately they were closed. I arrived around 11:30 and they were locked up tight. Today is July 11th 2014. I know for a fact they were open 2 days ago. Maybe this is a fluke and they haven't closed forever.
After reading all the 5 Star raves for this place it was something of a disappointment for me.  Arlin B., Mike C., & I dropped in for lunch today after coming last Thursday when they were supposed to be open at 11 AM but never opened as we waited a while.  This time we waited until 12 to arrive, & they were open.  Our server said yes, they should have  opened last time at 11!  I ordered the Jerk Chicken plate, which the menu says comes with mashed potatoes & broccoli, but mine came with a bed of flavored rice under the chicken. For sides, I had the Beef Dumpling Soup, & shared small orders of Pof Pof & Jamaican Patties with the others.  I thought all the food was ok, but loud music played during most of our visit, & this lunch was EXPENSIVE...  over $50 for the three of us, with just water to drink!  I think Ocean Blue in Chandler is a better choice for this kind of food, & I'm pretty sure this was a one visit restaurant for me.     :-|
Had lunch here today with Arlin B. and Rand H. and I was fired up over this place because it averaged 5 stars. Well I ordered the jerk chicken with mashed potatoes and broccoli garnish. What I got was jerk chicken with fried rice. The jerk chicken was the worst jerk chicken I have had ,it was white meat chicken done on the grill with a little jerk seasoning on it.It should have been legs and thighs cooked over an open flame.The rice I had (and I am no fan of rice) was dry and not very taste. A lot of people rave the pof pof balls and I found them to be ok but nothing spectacular. The only thing that saved them from one star was the Jamaican patties were real good ,but I think they are bought and just heated up. So I give this place two stars because I will not return and I could have had the 5 star buffet at casino Arizona for less money.
While the server was nice, I ordered their goat dish. I tried to eat it, but it smelled horrible and tasted even worse. It was on par with the smell at the zoo - While I am always up for trying new food and new places, I couldn't even take morethan one bite. If it wasn't for the plantains, I would have starved. Also, the food took forever to come out. It was like our table, which was one of three occupied tables, was being ignored. It was a good 20 minutes between ordering lunch and the food being given to us. Also, it doesn't help that the resturant is in a shady shopping center. I will not be going back to this place.
Unfortunately Fu Fu Cuisine was more So So Cusinse for me...  I so wanted to give this small business owner a higher rating especially after reading several friends reviews.  Well, my experience was somewhat disappointing when I fellow Yelpers Rand H. and Mike C. this week for lunch.    Restaurant ~ very clean and inviting.  Nothing fancy, very basic dinner type of feel.  They had the music way too loud for me while trying to enjoy lunch with some friends.    Service ~ very nice and friendly however they were not very attentive to our drinks.  I also had an issue where they over charged me for an added soup.  One person's soup was $2.99 and my soup was $4.99?  I would have been OK with this if my portion was larger than the other but they were the same size.  After pointing it out the server lowered the price.    Food ~ everything was just so so.  The dumpling soup was more broth than anything else.  Two small dumplings and three small pieces of cubed goat meat and a 1/4 ear of corn...  I do not recommend this soup.  The jerk chicken and rice was very dry and lacked the grilled flavor that usually comes with Caribbean jerk chicken.  The Pof Pof balls were too big and doughy and were more like really big flour hush puppies.  The meat pie was the star of my dinning experience here!  I don't my experience is a "one off" because the Yelpers that joined me experienced the same so so cuisine I had.
I wanted to like this place. Let me repeat, I really really wanted to like this place. This is the first African restaurant I've heard of in the Phoenix valley area and AS SOON as I heard about it I made immediate plans to visit with my friends. I always try to support local Arizona businesses and with this being an African restaurant, I wanted to support especially because there are so few (if any others) here in the valley.   My mother is from Sierra Leone, I've spent a lot of time traveling throughout West Africa and spent my entire life eating the cuisines from countries like Sierra Leone, Nigeria, Liberia, Ghana, Togo, Senegal etc. I've sat in many of my "aunties" (and my mother) kitchens and watched them prepare chicken yassa, egusi soup, jollof rice, moi moi, sawa sawa, krin-krin etc.   Therefore, unlike many (not all) of the reviewers...I know what to expect and I know what to look for in preparation. It's important to also note that each country has their own unique dishes, flavors, cooking styles, but we also share some common dishes like jollof rice, pepper soup, casava leaf, fufu etc. With having common dishes there are always "debates" about who makes the best jollof rice, pepper soup or cassava leafs. People from Sierra Leone, Ghana, Liberia or Nigeria? Much like how people in the United States debate which state makes the best BBQ? Texas? Or Tennessee?  When I saw they had fish yassa on the menu I was extremely excited.  I've typically had this dish at my favorite Senegalese restaurants or prepared by family friends and I was expecting a flavorful delight. When my food arrived I took a bite of my fish, jollof rice and the onion medley. I stopped, I asked the waitress where the cook was from and she said Nigeria. Sighed because it wasn't like my beloved Senegalese version and continued to eat (I hate wasting food).   My fish was fried until it was practically dried out. While I love crispy tilapia, I don't like it when it's practically burned dry. The jollof rice reminded me how much I disliked Nigerian jollof rice. I was disappointed with my food as were my African & Caribbean friends, but our African-American friends enjoyed their meals.   I will say that the owner came over to our table to check in with us and was extremely friendly. She was so nice that I wished I genuinely enjoyed the food.    I brought the leftovers home to my mother as she wanted to know about my experience. My mother took a bite of the jollof rice, screwed her face and asked where the cook was from...I said Nigeria to which she replied, "I thought so...".   So would I return? Maybe,  the owner was wonderful, it's an African business, and I think maybe I should give it one.last.chance. However, I would definitely try something else.
What a disappointment! Shows how ya can't rely on reviews all the time  The meat pie was pretty tasty but not worth the 20min wait for it  The beef soup in the app menu was SUPER salty and the meat was Tough Yuck  Along with the dumplings not being fully cooked. My mom ordered the  Jerk chicken good tasting but not worth the price! Super skinny small breast  Of chicken served over an abundance of rice talk about  Making your money off rice. The service wasn't that great either He was nice but after getting a couple other tables he was swamped I would never recommend this place and the bathrooms are  Disgustingly dirty !
I only gave this restaurant 2 stars because the owner is nice and trys very hard, but it should be a 1. Let me start off with the fact that my husband is Nigerian and we just moved here from Houston which is little Nigeria (seriously) so our credibility is good. I will start with the decor it is just ok, the service is good the server is always friendly and the owner is very nice. I have always jollof rice and stew with assorted meat. The stew is not spicy so she brings extra peppers in a small bowl.  The rice is hard and has a odd taste it is not good at all the stew which is the red sauce has no flavor. My husband gets fu fu with egusi soup he says that it is tasteless but he never complains because he feels it is offensive, I guess it is cultural.   His brother came to town and he was starving and wanted some native food so we once again are forced to go to this restaurant.  I warned him that it is not good. But he insisted. So we go and he orders the egusi and tried it and sent it back so fast. My husband was so embarrased. I vow never to return so instead my husbands' sister sends us food by fedex or he cooks stew at home which is ok but it doesn't compare to his sisters.  I wish there was at least another option for Nigerian food in Phoenix but I don't think the community is large enough to accommodate, I am not sure.
This place gave me the runs....literally...straight to the bathroom after I ate this slop. I should have known better...My spidey senses was telling me to leave..but no, I stayed just because I've been craving, jonesing for Caribbean food. So I placed my order, I had Curry chicken, rice and peas and cabbage. I declined the plantains, it seemed the flies enjoyed it better than me. They were having a blast swarming over the plantains. I paid something like $10.95...which in my opinion was too much considering the proportions don't match the price. The taste was just ok...not the worst..but not the best either. The cabbage was pretty good though. The food seemed old too..if I had to bet $20..that food probably was cooked yesterday cause the kitchen did not look cooked in. I feel like a sucka reading these damn reviews thinking I was gonna get a good meal...I don't know where the hell these folks who left reviews ate at..it sure as hell doesn't seems like its this place. Maybe I came at the wrong time. My 1st time sucked....and my bubbling stomach thinks so too. 2 thumbs down and a wtf.
I wanted to like this place, I love Jamaican food.  I had the jerk chicken which is a whopping $10.95, with cabbage and rice n peas, chicken has ok flavor, rice and peas kind of dry with ok flavor, and cabbage meh, I ate only about 20% of my food the rest went to the garbage!!  Also tried a beef patty the filling was delicious, but the crust was so hard I pretty much only ate the middle, well that was a $15.00 lesson.    I have been to Jamaica and ate traditional food made by friends and this is nothing like it, so I am sorry to say I will not be going back, maybe other things on the menu are better?  Area is not so great either.
I ate here when they first opened and it was a great buffet for $6.95.  Went back last week and was very disappointed.  Arrived a little after noon and was told "they were running a little behind, so not everything was out".  There were 3-4 different chicken dishes and 2 fish (I think?) dishes, and a pasta.  All the fish and chicken dishes were tough and overcooked.  The pasta was good, but just basically spaghetti with a thin tomatoey sauce.  There was a shrimp dish that was so salty I could not eat it.  Two more dishes came out, an eggplant dish and pork chops.  The pork chops were like hockey pucks.  It is really too bad, as I like frequenting local places instead of chains, but probably won't return.  Also, the price has gone up to $7.95.  The only saving grace is the owner is very nice and personable.
Young lady on the line was very disrespectful. Food took 2 hours to deliver. Ordered the Brown stew chicken. There is chicken, but where the stew? More light brown that brown stew like my moms used to make. Oxtail is OK, again colors off, taste is ok. Real Jamaicans cooking, just not very well. With the 2hour wait for food it ain't worth the bad customer service.
This place sucks...point blank period!!! Growing up on the East Coast; living amongst Jamaicans...I have had the opportunity to eat real Jamaican cuisine...and this is not it. The rice and peas tasted like crap.The texture was overcooked and flavorless. You cant tell me they did'nt use 10 Minute Boil a Bag rice!! The curry chicken was made with chicken breasts, not a whole chicken that gives it flavor when its cut down to the bone marrow.  The curry was bland! My curry chicken tastes wayyyyy better. The cabbage was soggy and again the common blandness. I had high hopes for this place. I feel sorry for these poor Phoenicians who think this is authentic island Yard flavor. Will never go here again.
been there a few times,  was not bad the first time I went.  only complaint I had was  their was more side dish than main course.  So I felt like I was getting a sample of the main dish (curry chicken, goat, etc) while paying full price.    went again and didn't even finish my meal.  I guess they were having an off day with the flavor. So I'll be looking for another restaurant soon.
I've had a better cuban sandwich at Village Inn. Still trying to figure out what part of the chicken the "Dominican Chicken" is ????  and my salad came after my entree.  Not impressed ....
33.00 for a "Special" and a mofongo that nearly broke my teeth.
This was our first and last visit to this restaurant. We split the Cuban sandwich and the pork was terrible.  My daughter had the chicken salad and it was boring.  The inside of the restaurant smells like fried food And you will leave smelling like the fryer.
Reading the reviews here I almost feel like I visited Riverlife in a parallel universe instead of the French and Caribbean restaurant that everyone seems to be raving about.   I went here on a Saturday with a friend and we had a voucher.   What we were expecting to get with the voucher:    A Nine course French Provenale banquet for two including seafood bisque, warm goats cheese, seared fillet of sea bass, rib eye steak, rack of lamb, confit duck leg, caramelised sun blush tomato and red onion tarte tatin and pork scallop all served with dauphinois potatoes and vegetables plus a trio of cheeses served with assorted crackers plus tea and coffee to finish.   What we actually got served:   Massive bowl of bisque - I had a few spoonfuls but left the rest since I had 8 more courses to go  Warm goats cheese salad: Grilled goats cheese with leaves and a balsamic glaze. Nice but nothing to write home about. I again only ate half of it so I could leave room for the rest of the 7 courses.  We then had individual plates placed before us that contained the tarte tatin which had what Mary Berry would call a very soggy bottom, potatoes, boiled carrots and broccoli.   We were then presented with an elongated tray which had 5 different items on it.   Overcooked, grey and dry slices of steak with a red wine gravy  Overcooked, dry duck with a red wine gravy  Overcooked, dry lamb with a red wine gravy.   Overcooked, dry pork with a white tasteless sauce.  Grilled seabass - cooked to perfection with a garlic butter sauce  We ditched the meats after a valiant effort of trying to unsuccessfully chew them.   I ate the Sea Bass with the vegetables on my plate.   The waiter seemed unperturbed by the barely touched food on the tray. I looked around and noticed that a few other diners with the meat tray had left theirs untouched too.    We were then asked if we wanted the trio of cheese OR tea/coffee. Not AND as detailed on the voucher. OR.   I waited for my coffee wishing there had been a way to swap the unpalatable selection of meats for another bit of the Sea Bass.   Or have them bring my unfinished bowl of soup or salad back.   Or even the basket of bread that I had left untouched and had asked to be taken away :(  A group of 15 people arrived just as we were about to leave. They had the look of eager anticipation on their faces that I had entered the restaurant with..... I wanted to slide them a little note to say 'Run out of here, fast as you can, or least steer clear from the meats'   I then saw the vouchers for the 'banquet' being handed to the waiter. They were beyond saving.
I visited Riverlife a couple months ago for their nine (!) course French Provenale banquet on offer.  We booked mid-week and the restaurant was pretty dead.  There was only a family of 4 and us in the place, so there wasn't much atmosphere but I guess it is a bit off the beaten track (in Dalry) and relatively unknown. The interior was quite plain, cheap and a little dull so first impressions didn't fill me with excitement.    There was some confusion over the booking and the waitress said there maybe some wait between course as the chef was not prepared for the 9 course banquet, however it wasn't noticeable and the time waiting was filled while drinking our BYOB red wine, with free corkage!   Our starters included seafood bisque, which was very creamy and tasty, so far so good! Our second starter was warm goats cheese salad, also delicious and plate was scraped clean!  So far the starters had been served on separate plates so I expected the following courses to be the same, but instead next 5 courses were presented on one large long dish to share.  There was two of each seared fillet of sea bass, rib eye steak, rack of lamb, confit duck leg and pork scallops.  The sauces used on each meat were all very similar, a red wine gravy, however the seabass had a lovely garlic butter sauce in it's own small dish.  The other meats however were a bit gristly and of poor quality.  These meats were eaten along side a plate each of caramelised sun blush tomato, red onion tarte tatin, dauphinois potatoes and vegetables.    Then came our dessert, a lemon tart (very sickly sweet) and a selection of cheeses to share.  Although we were already full after the previous 7 course, the desserts portions were very small and uneventful.  So generally the meal was enjoyable and we rolled out of the restaurant will our bellies full, but I won't return for the 9 course banquet, maybe try something else from the menu instead.  The overall bill was very reasonable due to the BYOB.
Food may be good.  But you have to pay attention to service. If you have a teenager taking orders that has her headphones on at the same time she is taking orders she is bound to make a mistake.  Service is as important as the food. Hire some one that is there to pay attention.   Will never come back again. Print a menu so the customer doesn't have to wait 30 minutes for you to write it on the blackboard.  Don't open your doors until you are ready.
I really wanted to like this restaurant, but I didn't. No Customer service skills, very small place, Food was Overpriced,the taste of the food was average. If they don't change their skills or prices they won't last very long. They thing the restaurant is located in Scottsdale with their prices. Sorry but we won't be back
no very imprese
Really hate to leave this review but, this is yelp and it calls for honesty.   Parking is located in the back of the place and you enter through the outdoor patio into what seems like a maze to get to the front counter....like through 1 door back outside through another door then around the dining area to the counter.  There was myself and another woman placing a to go order and someone sitting in the dining area, not busy at all for lunch on a Friday. The waitress was new and seemed very nervous which is understandable it took her about 15mins to get me cashed out...no problem because I was still waiting on my order...that took another 15mins and they forgot my festival, I told them it was fine just give me rice and peas instead which I was told would take 2mins, 5 mins later out comes FESTIVAL.  Whatever, I'm running on my lunch hour being over so as I race back to the office I drive and eat....the steamed veggies were not seasoned well..the chicken itself was very moist but it's dark meat it's kind of hard to not have moist dark meat, that too wasn't well flavored, when I think of jerk chicken I think of marinading for hours or overnight to allow flavors to seep through...not the case here at all, tasted like simply grilled meat with a slightly watery jerk sauce on the side, that too unfortunately wasn't flavorful....and now the festival....it tasted like well - fried dough with cinnamon literally imagine mixing cornmeal, flour and cinnamon together and deep frying it...it was really bad.  This is brand spankin new so a longer soft opening is definitely necessary especially when dealing with us downtown folks during the lunch rush and after work dinner pickup, they need work.  While I won't be spending my $8 again on a meal from here I will say this, my ex & I attended LoLo's when they first opened many, many moons ago and the food was bad, the owner asked us for our honest opinion and we told him (we had just returned from LA's Roscoe's Chix & Waffles and had a taste for the combo when we stumbled on Lo Lo's) he in turn thanked us for our honesty said he would continue to work on his recipes and place in general and look at him now - he's a successful pretentious asshole, but Lo-Lo's has 2 locations, mission accomplished lol....maybe this place has potential too *shrugs*  I would give them 1 1/2 stars but I can't and don't feel like they're worthy of 2 stars at this point.  I refuse to believe the photo of the fried and grilled chicken belongs to them and came from their establishment....REFUSE
Horrible!!!!!ordered a chicken ceasar on my lunch.... Took 20 min for a salad and when it came there is nothing but some nasty ass jerk chicken which consisted of all brown meat. Chickens have white meat and this salad consisted of only ONLY gross dark meat chicken. Yelp you let me down on this one , I was looking the previous place funky food which is STILL listed. DO NOT TRY!!!!!
Much nicer inside than expected, there is a menu of Caribbean dishes. The prices seemed a bit high for the neighborhood and portion size. My tilapia sandwich was small, and relied on the tartar sauce for most of the flavor. My side of fried plantains again consisted of just a few wedges and they were greasy and soft.  At checkout my bill was wrong as they tried to bill me for the included side.  I probblay will not be going back.
Expensive for food that is mediocre.  The wait time for the food was incredibly long and they weren't even that busy.  Lame.
As a recent Chicago transplant, I've really been missing Chicago pizza. Imagine my amazement when I discovered that there was an Uno's in Madison!   Wrong. While the original Pizzaria Uno (at Ohio and Wabash) is wonderful, something is lost in translation here. I can't even explain it. It's just bad.   The hunt for good deep dish in Madison continues...
Horrible, horrible service.  I went twice before writing a review.  the first time I thought maybe it was an off day.  The second time, they lost me as a customer.  The wait staff was more interested in talking about their weekend plans than serving customers.  The food was okay, nothing special.  But, for the price, I expect a little more service from a staff that realizes they're not working at Denny's.  Hell, Denny's usually has pretty solid service.  This place will have to go to an extreme to get me to return.  If I could give them zero stars, I would.
The service at this location is slow, the prices are outrageous, the food is totally sub-par, the drinks are always made super duper weak, and they close really early. I don't suggest coming here for a good time. The servers are nice, but I would suggest going to a more delicious location.
I have to agree with Patti B. that this location pretty much sucks.  The service is just ok - they are far from friendly.  I've been in  a couple of times to pick up food and I have yet to be impressed.  I wanted to give them another chance tonight and I should not have bothered.  The food is not so good.  I'd rather go to Pita Jungle or Thai Llana any day!  The spring rolls are greasy and room temperature and the tofu is pretty nasty.  I had some kind of udon noodle dish and threw most of it in the garbage.  Use your 'free entree' coupon to save $$ one night, but that's about it... I will not be returning to (this) Pei Wei any time soon...
First off, I'll say that it seems like everytime I eat here I'm a little disappointed. It's like I have a craving for it, but it doesn't deliver. I honestly think it's overpriced and not as good as PF Chang's - for a few bucks more I would much rather eat at Chang's...better atmosphere, better food. At any rate we do go here once and awhile since the 44th & Indian school location is by my house. Plus having 2 little ones, it's much easier to do take-out than a sit down restaurant. My husband & I both usually get the teriyaki chicken bowl and ask them to add extra veggies. We also like the crab wontons, but the lettuce wraps are nowhere near as good as Chang's.
Pei Wei, you give Pad Thai a bad name.
let me start out with the positive: the service was excellent.  really.  for a restaurant where i order at a counter and THEN sit down, i wasn't expecting much.  but the service staff brought my food promptly, quickly removed my plates, and offered me to-go boxes and a refill.    unfortunately, i have high expectations for asian food (especially thai food), and i was sadly disappointed by the curry.  so bland.  so so bland.  and the crab rangoon was nothing to write home about either.    i may consider trying it again if i need to grab a really quick bite, but i wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
I've tried and tried to find something I like at these restaurants and I just can't come up with a reason to go back.   I tried the Lo Mein with chicken. It smelled good but, what I got was 3 lbs of noodles in an overly sweet sauce with a few julienne carrots and few sprouts. The chicken was dry and chewy. I just don't get the draw.
Went here with friends and have been to other locations. This location was different than the rest though.the food came out overlooked to the point of tasting burned. Was not impressed.
Only thing I've tasted so far that was palatable is the Wonton Soup.
The staff at this location was very friendly but I was not impressed by the food. It was too salty and lacking in other flavors. It may have been the dish I had because I have heard good things from others. However, I'm not tempted to try it again.
I cannot believe I've not reviewed this place.  Maybe it's because after eating their sloppy, over-cooked noodles and sugary fast-food combinations, I always feel a bit queasy.  Kids seem to love it for some reason, and all the Chinese places in the neighborhood are Americanized versions of real Chinese food. Don't even get me started on that swill they call "Hot and Sour Soup"  It is neither hot nor sour and it's consistency is the only relation to soup.  Pei Wei is convenient and satisfies the kids, but I typically pass on it because it simply holds no appeal for me.  So, I guess in that respect, they fill a need for when you don't want to cook for your hungry teenager.    The other day, while feeding my kids there, one of the cooks got up on the wok table and started scrubbing the backsplash.  It's nice to see they like to be clean, but is it appropriate for that heavy cleaning to go on when you have customers in the dining room - and other cooks still cooking stuff?  Okay, well, on second thought, I can believe I've not reviewed this place.  On a positive note, service is great.
I don't consider myself a connoisseur of Asian cuisine, especially streamlined Asian-American cuisine that's one step above fast food, but I will say this. The caramel chicken takeout dish comes with a separate small container for the vegetable slaw that goes on top. There is absolutely no excuse for a piece of broken eggshell the size of a thumbnail finding its way into the slaw container. Not to mention there was raw egg goop still attached to it. This has been one of several issues I've recently had with this location's food and service. The previous two times, the pad thai I ordered contained NO tofu whatsoever, when I know that's part of the Pei Wei pad thai recipe, having ordered the exact same dish at other, more competent locations. As if to add insult to injury, when I called and spoke to the manager about the aforementioned eggshell incident, he claimed over the phone that he would refund what I paid for that meal and that the money would go back onto my credit card. Guess what never happened. And... Guess who's never going back to this sucktastic poophole ever again. Thanks a lot for your disgusting food preparation and deceitful management. If someone from Pei Wei company corporate is reading this, please do yourself and your customers a favor and FIRE the manager running this joint.
I used to be a huge Pei Wei fan, but the past few times we've gone there--especially last time-- I've been EXTREMELY disappointed.  I go to Pei Wei for the spring rolls and the chicken lettuce wraps. We usually order for lunch, so their lunch combos were always great because they came with an eggroll or spring roll. But recently they've changed their menu so I ended up with Pei Wei Spicy Beef combo which, per usual, had chewy meat, not enough sauce and too much rice. I also ordered the Thai lettuce wraps and let me just say STAY AWAY FROM THESE! It was such a confusion of flavors.. it was tangy and there was the hint of cilantro and mint... MINT! Gross! My boss took one bite and almost puked, he's a bit picky so I tried it and almost puked as well. We also ordered the Steak Lettuce wrap which was gross too. Super disappointing.  This place is way too pricy and now that they've essentially eliminated the ONLY thing I like there... they can close up shop as far as I'm concerned. I'd prolly eat here again if it was thee LAST place open and McDonald's has exploded. But for now, if I never eat here again, it'll be too soon.
Compared to other Pei Wei locations across the valley, this location is by far the worst.   I've gotten takeout for lunch about five times, and each time has been worse than the last. Even after two of my coworkers ended up with violent food poisoning after eating the food here, it took finding an EGGSHELL with bits of raw egg in my Caramel Chicken to realize that something was seriously wrong with this joint. Not only was the food extraordinarily disgusting, as an added bonus, it contains pieces of kitchen garbage.   When I called the manager to complain, he offered me a refund to my credit card over the phone, which never actually happened.   Thanks for the lies. Thanks for the disgusting food. And thanks for asking Yelp to take down my previous review.
I used to like Pei Wei but something about their meat tastes different.  It does not taste right.  I tried it a few more times but haven't been back since and will definitely steer clear.  I told a manager right away and he made a new plate, but the new meat tasted just as strange.  I told him and the sweet fellow apologized although it was out of his control.     I hope this is not another case of quality suffering because of quantity.  Is it easier to buy from sloppy, poorly regulated slaughter houses and inject meat pieces with filler - creating a mystery meat that the masses will most likely still enjoy as long as there's a distracting sauce or glaze?
My 12 year old daughter and I just returned from this location and we both got very sick.  She had the orange chicken and me the Pad Thai w chicken.  Gross
This food is Americanized Chinese food-- not challenging, not different, and certainly not offensive to the American pallet. The food tends to be very salty (which Americans tend to like). It is dependable pedestrian food, the place is noisy, the parking lot crowded.   There are better places to eat Chinese than any of the Pei Wei's in my opinion.
So disappointing.  I do not know what happened to this place... it has progressively gotten worse over time.  I ordered the Mongolian Beef with brown rice-- my very favorite and it didn't taste very good.  It was okay- but just not as good as usual.  The 2 star is for my dish and the zero stars are for my fiance's soppy noodle mess called Chicken lo mein--- ewwwwwwwwww!  I think Ramen noodles tasted better and cost only 11 cents.  They were so mooshy that they barely could stay on the fork-- really gross.  They were tasteless.  We threw it out.     Pei Wei-- I miss the good times.
Hmmmmm..... Chinese? I think not. If you are expecting a great meal, go elsewhere. Pei Wei is a good not so fast version of fast food. It isn't fine dining, but it certainly serves a purpose. I'll always pick Pei Wei over a fast food burger, and how anyone can go to Panda Express when this is a couple blocks away is beyond me. Pei Wei is also a bit overpriced for what it is.   For a long time before the airlines went insane over carry on, i used to bring a Pei Wei kids meal as my personal upgrade. It's small, well packed, and used to make the other passengers jealous.   I don't go to Pei Wei so much anymore. Long lines and inadequate service keep me from venturing in their door on any whim. I will order ahead and pick up. They rarely get my order right, but whatever i get usually tastes pretty good. I just never go with the expectation that I will get my correct order.
Had the Korean Lettuce Wraps and an Asian Chicken Salad on 06/02. The lettuce wraps were good but the Asian Chicken Salad had a long hair in it. I sent it back and another salad was given to me without dressing. I thought I was imagining things so I had my friend taste it. He agreed there was no dressing. I got a refund and went to Paradise Bakery down the street. I really like Pei Wei but I will never go back to this location. It seems like they just don't care.
I used to love this place back in high school, so I decided to drop in for a delicious protein smoothie.  I ordered a medium high protein smoothie, and was absolutely salivating over the upcoming flavor as I hadn't eaten all day.   Well my first disappointment came with the price, a whopping $10.00 for a d*mn medium smoothie! Holy cow! What are they adding to this to make it so god-like you ask? I have no idea, my only add on was friggin peanut butter, which was only a small dollop.   My second complaint was the service, although it wasn't awful, it certainly didn't entice me to ever want to return.   I think I will stick with One Stop Nutrition, I can get the same exact smoothie, with peanut butter, for $5.00.   I'm not trying to bring the gavel down on this place, but they certainly need to double check their prices, I definitely don't taste the quality or see the justification in charging an arm and a leg.
If you want to be treated rude by the staff and enjoy sub par smoothies then this is the place for you.   I love smoothies and had never been to a Smoothie King and was in the area so decided to give it a try.  Big Mistake!!  When I entered the store there was an older man towards the front and a younger girl making smoothies towards the back.   The place only had about two people in it.   No greeting given by the older man at the front.   The menu here is very, very hard to decipher.   The menu board is so discombobulated you don't know what end is up.   It lists the name of the smoothie for example, "Cranberry Cooler" or "Immune Builder" but they don't list what is in these smoothies.    You have to look at a "to-go" menu to have the smoothie ingredients explained.   I asked the older man what was in the "electrolyte mix" (as this was listed as part of the ingredients in a smoothie I was considering)  his answer to me was "ARE YOU KIDDING?"   "You have electrolytes in your body.  They are minerals"    I have no idea why I even continued with my order after this rude treatment.   Anyway,  I ordered a "Light and Fluffy" smoothie.    Basic ingredients;  OJ, Banana, Strawberry.   It was average at best.     On the expensive side too.  Over $5.00 for a small.   Sorry for the long review but this place deserves only one star.
The guys working here seemed very bothered I wanted to purchase a smoothie.  Very unfriendly!!
I've been to this location a couple of times with an OK experience, but tonight we arrived 3 minutes before closing and the clerk had already turned off the open sign and locked the door.  We tried to walk up to see if he would change his mind but he wouldn't even look up for at least a minute, endlessly staring at the floor or at the walls in an attempt to avoid eye contact...low class move.  I would have minded less had he simply acknowledged us and said "sorry we're closed".  It was almost closing time - I understand wanting to go home - but regardless it's not the way to treat customers.  I have contacted what I presume is Smoothie King management (Greg) about this as well.
I don't get it.  To be fair, I've only had their pizza, while eatable, I would never go back. Its definitely a huge jump up from the Domino's & Pizza Huts but not even close to a Spinato's Pizza (my favorite) or a Casanova Brothers Pizza, as far as chains go, I think NYPD is much better than this.  I know I'm in the minority here & I love pizza but just not Nello's.
I am from Chicago and have only found places I like.  Hadn't tried Nellos and heard it was good, so my wife and I went there today for lunch.  We had their thin crust deluxe.  Was disappointed.  It was very thin, but crust was not airy, like I am used to.  And being from Chicago, I like my Italian Sausage, not pepperoni.  The sausage was bland and was almost freeze dried.  No flavor, not moist.  It crumbled.  Very disappointed.  Sorry.
How can this place have nearly five stars?  The atmosphere is fine if you're looking for a casual, family friendly kind of restaurant.  The service was fast and cordial, but the pizza left so much to be desired.  We ordered two pizzas.  One was a thin crust "Deluxe Combo" (pictured) which was passable, but nothing to write home about.  The other was a "Pesto Bianca" with chicken added (pictured) which I almost sent back --- and I never send food back.  The crust was burnt to a non-edible char; my teeth literally could not bite into it.  The chicken (which I paid extra to have!!!) was dry beyond belief.  It had a texture that made me think it was day-old chicken tossed onto a grill to merely reheat was had previously been overdone.  I was surprised that someone in the back-of-house allowed this pizza to leave the kitchen.
First of all, a bowl of iceberg lettuce with an unripe tomato and 4 massive carrot shavings does not qualify as a dinner salad. This pizza we ordered was mediocre. The sauce was far too sweet and everything else was just 'meh.' The service in general was lackluster. The restaurant wasn't very busy at all with just a handful of customers, yet our waitress managed to bypass our table numerous times before collecting the check.
Here is my detailed review:  I went here for my birthday with my wife after reading the great reviews of this place.  It was a Friday night, so the place was packed.  Be that as it may, the wait was reasonable (20-25 minutes).  The place was buzzing and it got me really excited about the food.  I waited with bated breath to get a taste of the food that all of these people were getting so hyped up about.  The anticipation was mounting heavily, not only because of the buzz, but because I have failed to find a place in the area that makes a half-way decent pizza.  Maybe, I thought, just maybe, I've finally found the place.  We get seated, waitress comes over, I order a Guinness and me and the wifey order an app which consisted of mozzarella cheese, tomatoes, basil, bread, pepperoncini peppers, and some oil to dip it all in.  It was decent.  The bread was extremely heavy on the rosemary.  It wasn't out of this world, but I couldn't complain all that much.  For entrees,   me and my wife both ordered 10" thin crust pizzas.  I ended up getting a buffalo chicken pizza and she got a deluxe pizza.  The first thing that I noticed when the pizzas came was that, whomever cut it, either had a sense of humor, didn't care, or just didn't know how to cut a pizza.    Normally, when you get a pizza, the pizza is cut into 8, triangular sections.  However, Nello's fails to provide its customers with this modern convenience, instead opting to cut the thin crust pizza more like a flat bread, but in random, strange angles.  What this ends up creating is shear frustration as now, in order to not make a mess, I must dissect my pizza like some sort of stupid jigsaw puzzle.  If I wanted to solve a jigsaw puzzle, I would've bought one.  But all I wanted was a slice of pizza.  And do you think that it was worth all the hassle?  Of course not.  My wife's pizza was under seasoned.  Indeed, upon its creation there was n'er a salt shaker in sight.  The buffalo chicken pizza, on the other hand, was the exact opposite and I mean this to the utmost extreme as it tasted as if the "chef" dumped an entire salt shaker on the thing.  It tasted horrible.  On top of this, the crust was far from crispy.  When you order a thin crust pizza, you expect the crust to be crispy.  However, in our case, it was not crispy largely because the pizza was under cooked.  Normally, you're looking for the pizza to have a golden brown bottom when cooked.  The bottom of this pizza was pure white, which says to me that either the "chef" in the back doesn't know what he/she is doing, or doesn't even care.  So, I thought that, maybe, they just can't cook a thin crust pizza.  Their normal crust appeared, at first glance, to be more along the lines of a "Chicago style" crust.  So, out of curiosities sake, I ordered a large, pepperoni pizza to go.  I took it home, and of course the box was chock full of packs of crushed red pepper flake, a topping that I've never heard of going on top of a pizza in my entire life until I moved to Arizona.  In fact, I've never even heard the two in the same sentence before.  Needless to say, I discarded those.  Now, in case you've never had a "Chicago style" pizza before, let me inform you of how it is supposed to be.  It's a deep dish style pizza with a thick, chewy crust, and is loaded with toppings.  A good "Chicago style" pizza can even be eaten with a fork and knife because it's more like a pie then anything else.  A beautiful, tomato, cheese, and meat pie.  What I got here was far from that.  Again, the pizza was underdone.  There was hardly any cheese on it, the crust was more like white bread than pizza crust (are they even using pizza dough?  There is a difference between pizza dough and bread dough - pizza dough contains more gluten than normal bread dough).  It had absolutely no flavor at all as, again, it was under seasoned.  I mean, I guess that I can't blame them there - things like garlic, basil, and salt (especially salt!) are pretty dang exotic.  I think that what disturbs me even more than my experience with this place is how vehemently people defend this place and how insistent they are that this place serves good pizza.  What, are you people paid to write these reviews or something?  If you truly think that this place serves a good pizza, then frankly, you have no clue as to what a pizza is.  In fact, you don't have any clue as to what something even closely resembling a pizza is.  I truly pity you all.  And for those of you that are insistent on the fact that the place is good because it makes good salads - come on.  How hard is it to make and dress a salad?  Their salad dressing is good, you say?  Yeah, it's really hard to mix up red wine vinegar with extra virgin olive oil, some salt, pepper, garlic, and oregano, isn't it?  Phew, I'm breaking a sweat just thinking about it.
Normally, I'd give Nello's a better rating, but with the combination of a bad meal and even worse customer service bia phone, It's not.  I ordered a small pizza with a large salad for pickup.  Ticket says time of 4:52.  I ran to safeway just next to it to grab a pie and then proceeded to pick up my meal.  Now the charge came thru on my phone at the time of 5:22 so total time from phone order to pick up was a half hour.  By the time I got home (less than 5 minutes from the location) the pizza was so cold we could not eat it nor the bread that came with it.  I promptly called and asked for the Manager and was given Jason.  I explained our situation and was promptly told that it had been sitting there an hour, when by time proof it was 1/2 hour total time, call in to pick up.  I did not call for anything but to give a heads up about our situation.  The call ended, no thank you for calling, nothing.  He just hung up on me.  Uniquely, Jason's name was on the receipt we have with the time stamp.  Although we have been going to Nello's since we moved down the road  over 2yrs ago, we will be driving farther into chandler to Floridino's due to the poor customer service we received today.  If the customer service from the "manager" on duty was better I may have given Nello's another chance, but it won't get my $$$ now.  Mark Linkfield Chandler AZ
Not sure how anyone can really enjoy deep dish pizza...waaaaaayyyyyyy too much crust to eat.  It's kind of like eating a loaf of bread.    Their thin crust pizza is serviceable.
I'm not going to judge you for eating at PF Changs, after all, I did eat at Pei Wei two nights ago-thus the 2 stars, not just one. However, I did wake up the next morning with the shits.. maybe I oughta rethink that extra star!
PF chang does not serve real Chinese food, they serve American Chinese food. It is different thing. Typically American Chinese food does not require a lot of skill to do it. Unlike authentic Chinese cuisine which requires a lot of skill and time to cook.  The problem is PF chang does not even know how to cook a simple dish. I have had the worst roast duck in PF Chang, house special pork rib was aweful. I don't understand how they can screw up such simple dish. My wife and I can make better dish than them. Price is way too expensive. I can easily find a bundle of Chinese restaurant better than PF Chang around Phoenix area. Sigh
I have had hit or miss experiences here.  Many good ones but the last one was so bad I will NEVER go back.  I ordered the crispy tofu with brocolli.  It had very little sauce, the tofu was so uncrispy and the brocolli was not cooked at all... not al dente but HARD.  Then within 20 minutes of leaving I was sick as could be.  When I complained about my food they took it back to the kitchen and I swear brought the exact same food back to me.
What the heck happened to PF Changs?  They used to be one of the best Chinese food places around!  Wife and I went there a few weeks ago and both vow to never return.  Her food had zero spice mine had double...had to send it back...after a 30+ minute wait on it the first time then another 15 the second.
Whenever I go here I feel like everyone knows a secret about this place that I don't. The food isn't Asian in any meaningful sense, and it isn't particularly good in general. So why is it packed out and the dishes so relatively expensive? I just had the new Lemongrass Prawn, which was pretty good as far as that goes, but not even remotely Chinese. The fake Asian decorations are more annoying to me than anything, and the dim ambience is destroyed by the TVs playing at the bar since they can be seen from just about every table in the restaurant. The general pretense of classiness was ruined for me when I went to the bathroom only to find spanish profanities written all over the stall. Someone in my party was served the wrong dish, and it took a while for us to get the right one. We were mistakenly given an appetizer which we had not ordered. Clearly, the serving system is incapable of handling a full restaurant. I also saw people being moved to different tables to make way for other, larger parties. I understand the business sense, but that's a completely classless move. Our server was very friendly, but rushed us out as soon as we were done eating. Bland food, poor service, long waits, and high prices? I'll pass.
I generally don't write reviews about chains that I rarely visit, but sometime rely on when I in a pinch while travelling... but this was just to classic to not share for posterity...   Sit down at the bar (you know travelling by myself) - looked like the right spot with appropriate elbow room for Me, Myself, and I, but lo and behold picked the spot with the dark mushroom on the counter, and the sticky hidden mess where I put my rental car keys.  Nice enough waitress/bartendress offers me a drink, I get a slightly chilled (54 degress perhaps) Malbec, which was good.  Ordered my peculiar dish (the only reason I ever come to this chain) - stock velvet Kung Pao with loads of veggies added to make it almost healthy (minus the heartache inducing sodium levels).  Figured it would be all normal like it usually is in a chain like this....  consistency for the sake of authenticity and the fact that Chandler is almost devoid of good cuisine.  First dish out - fast.  No veggies, they send it back... back in 5 minutes, chicken is not stock velvet, I didn't notice at first... waitress did, plates sent back... 10 minutes later.... food now in front of me to consume.  No problem, I can handle two screw ups, I will be gone soon from this place.  However my journey has just begun....   Young manager comes by, says sorry I talked to the "chef" and chucks a free appetizer card at me.  Good only for Chandler...  I let the waitress know later in a nice manner that they can keep it, because I don't live here.  She says oh, let me get you something else.  Then ensues some discussion with suave young manager and older manager..  older manager comes by and tells me that being that I didn't order an appetizer I couldn't redeem the appetizer card.  He repeats this twice because I couldn't fathom that he would be saying that the card that they just gave me, which I didn't want, I was now in trouble for trying to use???  He finally understands my confusion... and says, oh I will be back.  He comes back with a appetizer card I could use anywhere in the world!!! Yippeeee!!  And then he gives me his card in case I have trouble getting a table when I want to use the appetizer card back home - because he opened all the restaurants up there.  Trouble getting a table at PF Changs?????? !  I left going holy mother of cows, then I saw the UFOs over Phoenix and realized I was in the Twilight zone.
Sad and disgusted I will never come here again...  I went for the first time to Pf Changs last night with the suspicion that I shouldn't because I hardly ever eat at chains because they are generally overpriced, over-hyped and have poor quality of food while trying to pretend that it is so hip. Boy was I ever right and this just goes to tell you that you should always listen to that little voice in the back of your head instead of the louder one in your stomach. Instead of going to a noodle house where everything is made fresh my partner and I opted to come here because it was in the parking lot of the mall where we were and he was ravenous.   Decor is nice et cetera, et cetera, and I ordered a glass of Malbec and some spring rolls. When the rolls arrived, they looked like they came out of the freezer bag and the sauce tasted like it did too. Not only that, but they did not even taste as good as the freezer rolls do lol. Completely void of taste and the only highlight was the arrival of my slightly chilled Malbec.  I ordered the vegetable lo mein and my partner ordered the mongolian beef. His arrived looking fine, nothing extraordinary and mine arrived looking like someone had gone out and purchased one of those Yakisoba noodle packs and just plopped it into a white plate. It didn't come with any rice and the lame oil and pepper trio they tout wasn't very good. The broccoli was undercooked and it was completely void of flavor. I was so pissed off that for a small ass portion which sucks by the way, they charge you $9 which you could get somewhere else at a mom and pop operation for about a buck less and it tastes so much better.  Good service but that's not enough to save their lackluster food, maybe just this one in Chandler sucks. Either way, I don't really want to find out.
I've been to this place a couple of times, mainly for team lunches, so I thought I'd review it this time.  When you walk in, you get that classy Asian vibe.   It's fairly upscale looking.  But the first thing I noticed was how few Chinese people there are.  I think I was the only one.    We had the chicken lettuce wrap for the appetizer. The chicken was not as tender as some other lettuce wraps I've had, and the soysauce may have overpowered the taste of the chicken.  But it was edible.  I tried one of the lunch bowls: pepper steak.  It said it should by spicy, but I couldn't feel the spice.  The beef was cooked well, but they ODed on the sauce making it too salty.    I thought the dessert shooters were really cute.  It's a good portion for those who want to have some desserts but not overstuff ourselves after a heavy main course.  The tiramisu shooter isn't as good.  But then it's not expected to have a tiramisu flavor in a Chinese oriented place.  It tastes more like a tiramisu cake instead of the traditional soft and creamy tiramisu I'm used to at an Italian restaurant.  What I do like about the restaurant is the different tea flavors you can choose from.  And they bring it out for you in a traditional Chinese/Japanese like teapot to set the Asian mood.  It's a good alternative for a tea house.   Pf Chang's is good to have food for the people who like the Chinese-American fusion.  It may be a good place to start if you're scared of "real" Chinese food.  It's not a good place for authentic Chinese food.  And the price is more than I would pay for average tasting lunch.
My mom, I swear. She can't get past wine in a box, Costco, or chain restaraunts. But anyway...This was where she took the fam for my brother's birthday this year, because he's into Chinese. Whether it actually was Chinese is debatable.  We started with the lettuce wraps,because that's what you do at PF Changs. Yeah, they were ok, a bit salty.  We got big plates of a bunch of different dishes. Nothing memorable.   My dad sat with his beer and ate nothing, which really cracked me up. He hates Chinese food and there is not any American alternative to choose from. Occasionally we would hear him grunt in displeasure at the whole experience.   Over-hyped, over-rated.   My mother's take: This place is great! We should come here for your birthday Nesto.   wow.
P.F. Changs used to be the place to go for unique and flavorful Asian/ American cuisine. Not anymore!  Over time this groundbreaking restaurant chain has slowly declined.  It is sad because it WAS a great place to eat. Now corporate cutbacks and shortcuts along with the  gradual substitution of cheaper sauces and meats have rendered this eatery a mere shadow of its former self.  We tolerated it for sometime but most recently it became intolerable. Coincidentally the boys upstairs have released a frozen for supermarket consumers version of the recipes. It is marketed under the P.F. Changs name.              Frozen food!..Yuck. I might as well stay in, save money and put in a Marie Calendars or P.F. Changs TV dinner.   Did you not see  The movie "Ratatouille"? This is the kiss of death.
Have you ever eaten Chinese food?  Real chinese food?  Trust me, it's not like this--this is decadent, greasy, rich American food with Chinese names.  Ma Po Tofu is not supposed to be crunchy outside, soft inside, and sweet/sour.  But here it is!  Also, don't ever order a coctail or drink not on their menu.  I got an unlayered B-52 in a brandy glass.  More like a Yak-2.
I came here involutarily with a group of 10 for a family birthday celebration. Not my side of the family, of course, but it's one of the sacrafices you make when you get married.  To psych myself up, I got there early to catch the tail end of happy hour. I was decently impressed with the black tea gimlet. It was served in a coupe glass, and the St. Germain made it sweet and smooth.  I ordered the Buddah's Feast steamed because I didn't want to deal with the usual 5 pounds of water weight gain that comes from consuming quadruple the RDA of sodium in one meal.   When our food was brought out, there was lots of confusion. The two servers started auctioning off our food, yelling down the table. One of the meals was wrong, and three other entrees came in its place. My entree was no where to be seen. I'm surprised they dropped the ball so badly. I thought part of the reason you eat at a souless, corporate grubateria was to experience a well-oiled machine that is able to execute orders correctly and efficiently. Splitting the checks was also a bumpy, drawn out experience.  Hopefully, I won't have to come here again.
I visit this location only twice and the reason I give this place 2 stars is because the first time that I've been there was exactly very nice: great food, great service. Just like you would expect in a dissent restaurant. The second time was awful!!!! If it was my only time there I wouldn't even give this restaurant 1 star if I could. The waiter was seems like his having a really bad day or he just didn't like me and my friend for some reason. At first his recommendation for the food was pretty flat and he couldn't explain any dish that had "traditional taste"  in his opinion. Now yes I do get that sweet&sour or orange peel chicken is very popular in Chinese kitchen but it has nothing to do with his attitude that evening. He was rude, uninformative and always speak super fast and ran immediately off the table when he was done talking (and no the place wasn't packed at all). Me and my friend were complaining that the time we were waiting to get our entrees was too long and my friend mention that we are in a hurray. Then first we couldn't find our waiter for a while so we spoke with couple of different  waiters to check for the food. When our waiter came by with his "cheerful" mood he decided that we didn't informative him that we are in a hurry and we are not waiting long enough. By the time It came it was 40 min from the time we order. I think 40 min it's a lot of time to wait for a fish and chicken. Even with the starters the gap between the courses was just too long and if the kitchen is on pressure at least the person that serves the food should be nice!! I told one of the employee about my experience that evening and he said "he will tell the manger". also explained him that I go to restaurants 3 times a week and I've never had such a bad experience in my life. When I finally ended my visit before I got out I asked from the host for a pen so I could sign my visa because the waiter was "too busy" too remember to bring one.  I told her that I hope the other waiters are nicer but she couldn't care less. This is my very first time I didn't tip a waiter, if that's how I felt after this visit I feel that I need to share my experience.  The only thing I can do is saying that the "traditional" sweet & sour chicken was tasty. And I would have come back for some more if I'll get treated better.
Would have been 4 stars, but they recently raised their prices on the entrees.  It's caused me to just get noodle dishes or avoid the place all together.  Too bad...
After the Pei Wei identity theft closures and subsequent reopening, this Pei Wei has gotten even worse! My Japanese Teriyaki with shrimp tasted off as did the vegetable spring rolls. The shrimp in the Teriyaki bowl was the smallest I have ever seen them use, and the vegetables in the spring rolls were hard and tasteless. This is the second time this has happened. The first time I thought it was an anomaly; this time I am wondering if Pei Wei changed their "formula"??? Don't waste your time or taste buds!
Food is inconsistent at this location.
Well the waitress was really nice and was working hard.    But she had to do the place on her own.   Food came out cold.   :(
I have NO idea how on earth it stays open.  The only thing it has going for it is the location on the Fountain...and that is it.
this place started out real good but then it kind of went down hill.  The food is usually good only if someone serves you.  My friend and I went in for breakfast, the wait staff sat us and gave us menus but that is about it.  She never came back even after we requested our order be taken, she basically ignored us so after 45 minutes we got up and left.  Then we emailed the manager who said he would fire the waitress and low and behold the waitress is still there.  I went back and tried to order again on a different day and again the wait staff ignored me and the same story avoid this place.  The wait time and sucky service does not make up for the food or the management
My family went to Ted's this weekend. We have been avoiding it because we dislike cash only establishments, unfortunately we can now avoid it because we don't much care for Ted's.   I am from Upstate NY and I definately want to support bringing culturally pleasing (to me) food out to the desert. Knowing Ted's is from "back home" (since 1929), this encouraged me to break with our no cash only policy, besides I had to know if their hot dogs were better than the ones I import from Rochester to Arizona a few times a  year. It's expensive to bring Zweigles (since 1880) to Arizona and if there is a local replacement I was ready to find out.  First the ordering of our food was confusing. The person on the grill heard the first two items and then started talking to others in line to take their orders and I wasn't done yet. It wasn't like I paused, it was like he just heard all he wanted from me and moved on. I had to interrupt the ordering going on after me and say, Hey! I'm not done yet. This annoyed him, obviously. But I couldn't believe it when I started to order the rest, It didn't seem like he was paying any attention becuase mid sentance he started talking cheese with the people in front of me!  Ahem... we need two white hots, two footlongs, two corn dogs, three medium logenberry's, a chocolate shake and an onion ring please...  Next thing I know we are at the condiment section and the guy is putting stuff on my dogs I haven't even told him yet what I want on them!  Excuse me, I want to put Weber's mustard on that white hot. The grill guy yells over to me, "We don't use Weber's, if you don't want yellow you can pump out the spicy mustard over by the straw station."   They don't use the mustard they are advertising in the window? They don't have the spicy mustard at their own condiment station? In the meantime the register girl has already totalled my order and my order hasn't even been made yet, so of course it's not correct. I said, it's not all here yet. This puzzled her. I said I am still waiitng for the corn dogs, the drinks , the onion rings and the chocolate shake. She started over and came up with a second total, also wrong. The shake came in a tiny size, they said they are one size only. Who knew.  The register girl screwed up the change as well. Good thing I didn't just swipe a card and get screwed not paying attention.  We got to the table determined to see if the food was worth the aggravation. Since the toppings were not done right and the onion rings were very undercooked and a gnarled mess I was really hoping the white hot dogs flavor would kick ass. This was my main reason for coming. It was a decent dog, but it was not better than the ones I have shipped in to my house.  Amazingly enough the best tasting of the dogs we bought were the corndogs! What a surprise. But not worth driving out to Ted's and having cash ready for them. As for the shake, it rivaled McDonalds to me and I'd be happier getting a mondo size Chocolate Peanut Butter delight from Lenny's.  So for atmosphere, service, food and cost it just doesn't rate more than the two stars I gave it. Looks like I haven't found a way to replace my multi year shipment for back east brats, dogs, etc. with a local alternative. Sorry Ted's.
Obviously there have been a lot of great reviews of Ted's here. And this is not one of them. I was not blown away by my hot dog with mustard, onions and relish. It was ok. Honestly, I have made better ones. The relish tasted like the stuff out of the jar and the hot dog's flavor was nothing spectacular. Their fries are good, better than average. The onion rings are good, too, and better than average. The place has a great feel to it. From the food counter where you order and see your food prepared, to where it is handed off and they put whatever you want on your hot dog, sauerkraut, mustard, relish, onions, etc., to the memorabilia on the wall and the awards from the mid-80's for best hot dog place. But, I have to say, sorry Ted, it just wasn't that great. I would go back and eat there again, after all it wasn't bad. But I am not going to miss it if I don't make it back there ever again. There are plenty of places I have had a better dog, including Trader Joe's Fearless Franks grilled at home. Call me a hot dog snob, but Ted's just didn't cut the mustard.
The hot dog is average. The burger is below-average. Sorry, folks, that's the truth.  I've held off on reviewing this place for awhile now. Overall I don't consider it fair to review a place after only visiting once, but I cannot bring myself to go again, and Ted's will not exactly hurt from me saying bad things about them. Also, seeing as how the food my friends had looked the same (I think I tried some of theirs but can't remember for sure) and they raved about it, I don't write this off as an anomaly and will go ahead and review Ted's.  Like I said, the hot dog was extremely average. Nothing different than you would get off of a typical hot dog vendor.  The burger was below average. The patty was too thin and it just wasn't that good.  The workers were what I like at a place. They took my order, made my food, and nothing more. Good job. The store has a pretty cool feel to it. The line was short when I went, but apparently it can get quite long.  How was the experience overall? Well, I won't go back as I would rather have a hot dog and burger from Sonic or (cue dramatic chipmunk) RALLYS. ...Exactly.
In Short: Long lines, complicated menu, and a fist full of dollars ........ for a hot dog?  I guess I never bought into the whole gourmet hot dog fad, and probably never will.  I've heard my coworkers talk about the dogs, and on more than one occasion seen astronomical lines at the counter, so I thought why not, it had to be good, right?  Talk about sticker shock, and only for a single dog?  Very overpriced indeed, on top of that, they managed to complicate a simple hot dog.  Various types of meats and topping options were a bit confusing, not because there were too many choices, but because non of them were really explained.  A little annoying for a first timer customer.  The dogs themselves are not bad, but I think you'd have to a complete idiot to mess up a hot dog.  I still don't get whats so amazing about it, definitely way too overpriced, won't go again.  They can keep their wieners and shove it!
Its a little too pricey for what it is. I got the chili dog meal and it was very heavy (not complaining) and very dry (complaining). My son got the regular hot dog...again over priced and its a regular hot dog. I'm sure the people who love it are the ones who just really DOCTOR IT UP WITH ALL THE TOPPINGS. Then maybe I could see you getting your moneys worth?
I'm not sure what the fuss is about this place.  The polish I ordered well done was barely warm on the inside and had big chunks of grissel in it.  The "fresh" onion rings were served cold.  I won't be back.
I read great reviews about this place and wanted to try it out for myself. I ordered the all beef hot dog and fries and was hoping for the best. Somehow the ketchup, mustard, pickle relish and tomato I asked for didn't get thru to the lady taking my order as my hot dog only had a million sliced tomatoes, ketchup and a pickle. Now don't get me wrong, the actual beef hot dog was AMAZING!! I love that it's char-grilled. It reminds me of a summer bbq, but the fries were terrible and because my hot dog order was slightly messed up I can't give this place high reviews. I'll stick to Lobby's for their delicious fries and CHICAGO STYLE hot dogs (which I love)... but if I'm in the mood for something char-grilled I'll definitely come to Teds again... though I'll watch them make my hot dog step by step so they don't mess it up.
OMG wtF 35 dollars for hot dogs, and they wanted 5 more for the chili!  It gave me the runs and I will never go back!
I am pretty sure Ted's has its status as a go to place here in AZ because of nostalgia. There are many places out here that are really not that great but because growing up these poor bastards had no good food are way over-rated at this point. Ted's dogs are passable, their brats are just poor. The fries are awful. The last time I went there I had to fight vomiting for a bit after, I had two hot dogs (not usually a nausea inducing amount). Thankfully there are better places popping up all the time now. Better step it up Ted's all those people who've been going here for years are gonna die and you'll be out of luck.   Also the teenage staff makes the experience no better!
Made a point to stop by here whilre driving through because of my fellow yelper ratings. Ugh! What a terrible hot dog and brat. Chili dog was just bad and so was the brat that my husband ordered.  He absolutely LOVES hot dogs, so for him to lnot even finish eating eat and want to leave to go to in n out is a BAD sign.  The only consolation is the onionrings which by the way are excellent. What a shame.
Everything about Ted's is mediocre. I had a hot dog, fries, and a vanilla malt. It was just average, run-of-the-mill food. The prices aren't that good either. I don't know what people see in this place. It doesn't live up to the hype.
The place has a lot a variety in hot dogs, so if you wanna try something different than the usual meat and bun, it's a good place to start. If you are already pretty clever with grilling up you own, I think you may be a little disappointed. If you already buy good quality hotdogs, from the store, then the taste won't WOW you.
Sheesh. What is it with people here? It's a [bleep] hot dog. Just a hot dog. Yet, time and time again, there's a line wrapped around the building five times over. I don't care if the best [bleep] hot dog in all of North [bleep] America: I get claustrophobic any time I'm in there. Isn't it time Ted stepped up to the 21st Century? It's like the place is run with all the professionalism of a kid's lemonade stand. Yeah, I get that everything's grilled to order, but if you're that hard up to be waiting for literally fifteen to twenty minutes for some footlong and relish, there's something seriously wrong with you. A previous Yelper wrote that "sometimes it's crowded"? SOMETIMES? Gee... ya think?
We were going to eat at Beavers Choice but they were closed today. We decided to try Ted's Hot Dogs since so many people everywhere including the workplace rave about this place. Our order was taken and we got to the part were they top your order I noticed they put BBQ sauce on my no sauce chicken sandwich. I didn't want to hold up the long line to ask for a replacement.  THE MAIN REASON FOR THE ONE STAR RATING   I tasted my iced tea and I am not certain what they filled my cup with? I didn't see bubbles for soda but it didn't taste like iced tea but the color was sort of dark. I asked my husband to taste it and he couldn't tell me what it was either. I think it might have been a mix of iced tea and diet soda syrup. I did NOT drink it and took a few sips of my husbands soda. If I can't trust them to give me iced tea that is a problem.   The hot dog is extra fatty and greasy, the BBq chicken sandwich is overpowered with sauce and grizzle. Also  The onion rings were a bag of greasy unseasoned crumbs with only a few pieces of onion.    I know most people Love Ted's and they are most likely OK most of the time so give them a try!
I heard so many great things about it, I stopped once with my family to find that they only took cash but didn't have an ATM in the lobby. So I went back when I was on my way to school to grab something and got a seriously bad stomach ache.   Very disappointed
Being a hot dog fanatic, I truly wanted to love Ted's, but in reality it fell flat upon its face. Although the dogs are grilled over a charcoal grill, they're really nothing better than what I can purchase at my local grocery store, as are the buns, additions and condiments. We were stunned to see the corn dogs were the same brand we buy from Safeway! The portions are meager, the staff kept getting orders confused, and the place was a mess.   All in all, we were not impressed. If you're gonna charge that kind of money, then you should dazzle your guests, not send them home wanting more.
I feel like this is a blasphemous review, but these hot dogs are no more remarkable than what I can whip together at home. My bf and I had dinner here last night, and I had been here once before about 4 years ago. I had the all beef dog with ketchup and onions with onion rings, my bf had bratwurst and french fries, and we split a strawberry shake. The front of the counter is a little unorganized, and I can only imagine what it's like when it's busy, but the staff was nice and accurate. My bf loves this place, but the best thing about my experience was the shake.
Cook line is slow. Another Yelper said it best. "Good food but run like a kids lemonade stand." Management, you make people wait unnecessarily. Food is good and hot. Try waiting in your own line and you will see what I mean.
Friendly service and a funky throwback ambiance make this place a fun alternative to delicious food.  I love a good hot dog, but I'm not convinced that Ted's serves one.   Still, it may be worth a trip to bask in their quirky ambience... And who knows, maybe one of their Loganberry milkshakes.    But, hotdogs, I'll cozy up to a Sonoran stand next time I have a craving.
Over-hyped and mediocre. Apparently people have never had a char-grilled dog with natural casing. Overall they are not cheap for what you get. Never been impressed by this place despite eating here a half dozen times. The hot dogs at Joe's farm house grill, Sonoran style dogs from Nogales hot dogs, and Short leashes dogs are wayyyy tastier.  TLDR..... MEH
Unfortunately something isn't the same - I can't put my finger on it, but the service and food has changed from what Ted's used to be- even at the Buffalo NY locations. It doesn't feel like a family owned business and the employees just don't seem to care. The hot dogs also taste different that they were 20 years ago- cutting costs?
Still trying to figure out what the big deal is about this place.  Onion rings were good, so I'll give them that.  Had a foot long and a regular chili dog.  Foot long was average pretty much in every way.  Bun was slightly stale and hard.  Chili dog was average.  Chili was below average.  Diet Dr Pepper was more soda water than Dr Pepper.  If you measure all hot dogs on the planet on straight line continuum with the $1.50 Costco special being the mid point, I'm not sure this place measures up to the mid point.  One other thing...$12 bucks and change for a foot long, chili dog, onion rings and a soda...YIKES!!!  But then again, maybe I just don't get it.  2.5 wasn't a choice, but 3 is to high.
I grew up around Detroit eating great hot dogs and coneys.  This was my third trip to  Ted's and I have to say "yuck".  I had a footlong which was tasteless and the bun dry.  I guess people like these because they load them with toppings and it gives them flavor. I've had the chili in the past and it is pretty disappointing.   Sorry, Ted.  I can grill a primo hot dog in my backyard for a fraction of the price.
Stop charging for refills, Ted's. That worked in 1985, but we all know soda costs you less than a penny.  I like the food a good amount, and it's incredibly petty, but I just hate feeling like Ted's is ripping its customers off when literally every other fast-food/casual restaurant stopped doing this two decades ago.
I was underwhelmed.  I liked the charcoal grilled taste to the dog but I've had a much better dog than Ted's.  Nathan's for instance is a superior hotdog.  I really wanted to like this place but everything was just okay, not good, not great.
I and the family love hotdogs. Especially chili dogs. When we heard about this place and read some of the great reviews, we were so eager to try it. Especially when the reviews for the onion rings were so good as well. We currently live in Maricopa, AZ about 35 min drive from Ted's so we were really hoping it would be worth the drive. We were disappointed. We ordered 8 of the regular dogs, I had chili, mustard, and onions on mine. The wife and kids had just ketchup. We also ordered onion rings and a strawberry shake. The dogs themselves sure did look good when they were being cooked. I love dogs cooked on a grill and these ones were nice and crispy on the outside. But the four of us all gave them thumbs down for flavor. Very bland. Not even salt. My chili sauce was the worst I have ever had. It tasted more like tomato paste that I use as an ingredient in spaghetti sauce. The onion "rings" were more like "fragments" with them looking like scraps that were swept up off the floor. Very overcooked with very little actual onion inside because they were burned up or something. The milk shake was OK flavor, but was in like a 6 oz cup or something. Seemed way overpriced as everything else. I could not even finish my hotdogs which is probably a first in my lifetime. And it is very rare that our whole family agrees that a place is no good. The place did look kinda retro cool inside and was doing great business. But we will not be back. Oh, also the people working there looked like they were employees of a funeral home rather than fun themed hot dog joint. Total cost for 8 dogs, a powerade, strawberry shake and the order of onion "fragments" was almost $37! Ridiculous.
This place was okay, but once was enough. The meat was good quality and the concept is fun however I strongly believe that if you are going to advertise something you better make it good and I have had better chili out of can! The chili they put on my dog lacked meat and flavor. In fact it tasted more like glorified ketchup. It might sound petty but that's how I feel. I can make a better chili dog at home and I will not be back.
The store had a sort of fun vibe, you get to watch while the dogs are grilled and it smells good. The food wasn't good though, especially compared to the other hot dog place on Broadway. Also, it was kind of dirty inside and the cashier was rude.
This review has nothing to do with the food, only the service.   I just went to Ted's for lunch today and it seems they were having issues with their credit card machine. If I had known they were not accepting credit cards I would not have ordered a hot dog and milk shake, because I did not have cash. Unfortunately no one told me they were not accepting cards, but they did lay out a sign explaining they were unable to accept GIFT cards. This sign only indicated gift cards were an issue, no where did it state there would be issues using a credit or debit card. When I got to the register and handed the cashier a credit card she informed me they were not taking cards today, all of matter of factly, as if I was supposed know this before walking through the door. This situation could have been prevented if only they had explained on their sign that gift, credit, and debit cards could not be processed as opposed to only letting us know about gift cards. Just be a little more clear next time, ok? I would hate to see more food get wasted.
Low quality, tasteless hot dog.  Definitely NOT worth the drive from East Mesa.
Picked up dinner last night,  The hot and sour soup was good but cold when I got home 5 mins later, the potstickers were good but the japanesse ramen was just yuck,  I ordered it with vegies and they all tasted old and soggy and the noodles were sticky and way overcooked with just a bad flavor, thew most of it in the trash. Havent been here in ages and now I remember why It's just not good. For half the price I could have went to panda and got better.  Time to step it up.
Not a fan.  I know this isn't supposed to be authentic Asian food but the dish I ordered (can't remember what it was called) was inedible.  The description of the entree I ordered gave no indication that it would be sweet in flavor.  I'm not a huge fan of sweet entrees in the first place but this dish was sickeningly sweet.  I had to send it back.  The reasons why I give this place 2 stars is because of the nice ambiance, the service is good, and they were nice enough to swap out my entree for something a little more palatable.
In a word: decent. This is the salty variety of Asian food with canned-tasting sauces and meat. It's about as good as the frozen dinners you can get at the grocery store, but it costs more.
I will never go back to this pei Wei again.  Every time I go I'm disappointed my noodles are sticky and soggy etc
We ordered the Dan Dan noodles and Thai coconut curry chicken. The noodles were a little over cooked but still very tasty. The curry was bland, peppers were cold, and green beans were hard(not crunchy but not cooked). The service is very slow and employees are visibly arguing with each other. Very poor training and leadership at this pei wei.
I have been to this Pei Wei multiple times and it never fails I am always disappointed! I have dined in and they lose my ticket and I have to show my receipt to get my food. For take out they forget my sauces and utensil and just tonight I called to order take out the girl was very rude and it was an hour and a half wait! My recommendation go somewhere else...
Was looking forward to a good dinner for the wifes bday. She placed the order 50 minutes before the scheduled pick up. Still had to wait 25 minutes more once I got there. The customer service, or lack there of sucked. It was good food, but won't return to this one because of the service.
Not gun friendly!
Bad service, no knowledge of the menu, and the meat on the pizza had freezer burn. Good for a chain, but not the gourmet experience they strive for.
If you get the chance, don't eat there.    I had  the BBQ pizza - eh.  My wife had the chipotle cheese chicken tacos - which were disgusting to look at, never mind eat. The cheese was huge chunks, not melted and the colors of all of the ingredients were muted (not and adjective I'd like to use when discussing food).  Out waiter was just plain awkward - making jokes that were playfully sarcastic, but inappropriate for any dining environment - chain restaurant or not.   The experience furthered my belief that chain restaurants should be avoided at all costs.
We tried this pizza when they offered take-home valentines packages for $6 a piece. It was pretty good, so we decided to go in and eat. We fell for the fancy pizzas which for me were good but I wouldnt order it again, if that makes sense.  I ordered the Sun Dried tomato, with pine nuts and basil with goat cheese. Sounds a lot better than it tasted. I guess I expected it to taste as good as it did when we made it at home with pep & basil. Sometimes you just need to stick to basics. Surprisingly enough the salads everyone else in the restaurant had ordered looked way better than our pizza. If i go back I'd def. go with the salad.
I have visited Sammy's locations in California and Arizona. I am not sure if I forget that it was just okay or if there is a lingering hope that I will have a meal that changes my mind. But, alas, I had the same experience at the Henderson location. It was simply okay - a little bland, nothing special.  My husband had a pizza and the amount of grease on it and the plate beneath it was simply astounding. Now he eats a lot of crap and thinks that greasy is good so when he started soaking up the grease with a napkin, I knew there was a problem.   I had a Chopped Chicken Salad. The chicken was lacking flavor and the olives were so pickled that they made it difficult to taste much else. The other items on the salad - lettuce, tomato, mozzarella - did nothing to make up for the mediocre chicken.   We also shared the Garlic Cheese Bread. The seasoning was odd and uneven. So, some pieces tasted really nice and then other pieces left a bad taste in your mouth.  On the bright side, the waitress was attentive if just a little stand-offish.   I am glad that we decided to visit Sammy's when we had a coupon for a free entre. Even with the discount, the food was overpriced. So, unless you are just visiting Sammy's for the Messy Sundae, find another pizza joint.
I ordered a Hawaiian pizza here and was unimpressed.  I got thin crust ($2 extra, BTW) and it was so soggy, it was almost like a tortilla.  All the ingredients slid off and it was a mess to eat.  I ordered the same thing at CPK a couple days ago and it was much better, so I know it can be done well.  Kind of pricey, so I won't be back.
The night that I came here was relatively slow. Nice music and ambiance. The servers, I will say, were there the second we were done with a course to remove our plates and to refill our drinks. My one star is primarily based on their food.   For appetizers, we order the Parmesan Crusted Artichokes.  First off, the presentation was tacky. Shredded cabbage? Lame. The artichokes weren't crusted in parmesan, they were buried underneath it.  Once I took a bite, my mouth dried instantaneously. There was waaayyy too much parmesan. The "creamy herb dressing" was just ranch.   For the entree, I ordered a Sun-Dried Tomato pizza.  The crust was flavorless. It tasted more like hard tack than anything.  I don't know if sauce doesn't come on their pizzas or if they just don't put enough on it, but the lack of sauce was depressing. Sauce really binds a pizza together and gives it that extra kick. In fact, the sauce can make or break a pizza. No sauce = No bueno. The only flavor on the pizza was the sun-dried tomatoes, and there weren't enough of them. The pine nuts didn't enhance the pizza in any way. It just tasted like it was thrown on there just for the hell of it. The basil that was supposed to be on the pizza was so shriveled that I didn't even recognize it on the pie. Despite its small size, the pizza had an abundance of grease. The grease made the pizza taste extra bland and oily, which only added to the level of distaste I had for my meal.   I couldn't even go for dessert because I knew I would be thoroughly disappointed. I ended up going to Cold Stone where I knew I would be happy.
Service was super slow, and it was not a busy night.  Pizza was not exciting.
My girlfriend and I are both big Sammy's fans. We live on the northwest end of town so our usual location is Elkhorn and Durango. We found ourselves in Henderson running some errands and craving Sammy's.  The location is a little difficult to find. Upon entering the restaurant most of the people were outside, however we wanted to sit inside. We were promptly taken to a booth per our request. We waited at least 10 - 15 minutes before our waitress came over and took our drink order. They took so long we were ready to order food as well.  Once we ordered drinks and our food the drinks came quickly. The food followed a few minutes after. Our drinks went empty for prolonged periods of time. I found myself continuously looking around the restaurant for a waiter/waitress. There were approximately 4 waiters/waitresses. The restaurant was mostly empty. The manager was outside sitting with friends. She was completely oblivious to what was going on in her restaurant. There was another table with a gentlemen waving the check he was waiting so long.   Out of the entire wait staff there seemed to be one girl trying really hard to cover the tables, everyone else wasn't concerned about the guests at all. This was a very disappointing experience and I will definitely not be going back to this location.
I've been here several times and the pizza is always very good.  But...since the new Galaxy Luxury plus theater has opened and they've started to get really busy the service has fallen off a cliff.  On our last trip it took about one hour for our pizza to arrive and our drinks never got refilled even once...very upsetting to say the least.  Maybe they're in the process of staffing up, because if not, they're going to need to staff down...all the way down, if you know what I mean ;-).
We were excited to have a salad and pizza for dinner and we were  quite disappointed in  the food quality  and service .   Sammy's does not offer Sweet & Low or Equal  as sweeteners , just Splenda and Stevia, both of which I cannot tolerate . So I had to send my iced tea back :(   The Cesar salad took 30 mins to arrive  and it was THE WORST Cesar we ever had ...Drowned in an awful dressing ( way too much of something) , limp lettuce , croutons that could break your teeth , and served on a non chilled plate ...We barely ate a few bites.  Our pizza was served literally 2 minutes after our salad so we had to send it back . We waited 15 mins before someone had the thought to bring it back to our table  . Oh, we added peppers to our NY pizza   and were charged a $1 for 6 juliiene strips , SERIOUSLY!!! And the pizza was COLD when it was returned to us .  Do not even get me started on the lousy waiter !!!  I used to like Sammy's Woodfired Pizza but it would take a miracle to get us to return anytime soon
Menu not filled with foods that sounded good to me.   Service sucked   Chopped chicken salad boring all lettuce  Mini burgers not even worth 11.50  I will never return to Sammy's!!!
Never. Again.  About twenty of us were here for dinner last night.  It took a while for all of us to arrive, and when they took our orders, I was one of the last people at the end of the table to order. I asked for a barbecue chicken pizza, no special crust or anything.  A while later, they started to bring our orders out. It probably took close to 10 minutes with all the people, starting with the opposite end of the table. After they got down to my end of the table and got everybody else their orders, I was still waiting for mine. A few minutes later, I asked the server what happened to my order. She went to the kitchen to check, and apparently they didn't start it. OK, I guess. Everybody else is already eating, but I can wait a while longer because they may have missed my order.  My friend had ordered the same pizza, but with a gluten free crust. She offered to trade me a piece now for one of mine later, and I gratefully accepted. At least five minutes later, the server brought out a pizza. But I realized that it was gluten free, not the standard crust. This second mistake was absolutely not acceptable.  Yes, they did finally get my order correct on the 3rd try. But at this point, everybody else had either finished or almost finished eating, and I upset and embarrassed that I had yet to start. The pizza didn't taste as good to me as it might have tasted normally, although I found the slice from my friend to be just average anyway. On top of this, all I got was an apology from the server, not an apology from the manager and definitely not some sort of coupon or discount to make it up to me. That would have saved them at least another star on this review.  Moral of the story: Do not take your large group here. Maybe one companion or a small group is fine, but look somewhere else if you want to make a large group happy.  It's a real shame. I wanted to try their duck tacos during happy hour some time, but it's not going to happen now.
Its not the food that made me not want to eat here ever again, its the service. Twice Ive been here and they f@*k up my order every time.  The first time I went, I asked for the glutton free crust pizza. We basically ate the whole pizza and found out later we got the regular crust. The place was pretty much empty on a week day for lunch, so why was service so slow? We had to ask several times for water and basically didnt get any. When I asked for a box, he took my plate of leftovers and never returned. A new server came out and I asked her where is my leftovers? She said "Im sorry they threw it away" Because I like the food so much and the alternatives that they offer I decided to give it another try.  We went again for lunch and asked for the pizza with Vegan cheese. A long dark haired woman with fluffy eyelashes was polite and cheery. But her pleasant attitude didnt mean much when, again the cheese was wrong and we ate a whole pizza with the wrong cheese. I was dissatisfied with the salad drenched in dressing that it was just overly saturated and soupy from the dressing.  After explaining to her that I was experiencing a stomach ache and was upset she gave us the wrong cheese, she didnt call for a manager. Instead she hands me a coupon for a free appetizer with a purchase of an entree.   Why do you even offer alternatives for people who have food allergies when your servers dont even pay attention to things that are serious like that? Take it off the menu if your servers dont seem to give a rats ass.
Pulled up to this location yesterday, and besides what YELP, and even the signs in the shopping center say, this location is no longer open, and has moved to Pebble/Green Valley. They will be open in late September.
We are never going back! We ordered the crab cake. It was cold in the center. We also ordered the rachlette, bacon, potato pizza. There was no rachlette on the pizza. Potato was the dominate flavor on the pizza. The service was poor as well. We asked for a Bellini and we got champagne with peach schnapps inside.
Ok, since they have moved to the new GV location, the service has been APPAULING. Personally, I've seen Sammy himself at the new store everytime I eat there and he needs to get on the ball with the servers (the new ones, not the old servers from the Sunset location).  I absolutely loved the servers from the old location, especially Megan!  Everytime I come in, she knows my order by memory and is an efficient server.  Now, I cannot believe the lack of professionalism from the new staff. Everytime I come during happy hour, once I receive the check,  the server forgets to take the discount off of the half off tapas... Every time. The are terrible with refills and more over, I have more personality in my left shoe than 80% of these girls. Please Sammy, get your shit together because Ive been coming here every week for years now I don't want to come back!
Ok. Round 2 and the last round for me at this joke of an establishment. So from the get go, the wish-washy manager/host's confusion as to who to seat was an atrocity.   Next, it took 10 minutes after we sat down to even see our waiter. Now, I don't know about how the stations are ran/numbered, but 2 different times a runner or a manager would deliver food to which wasn't even ordered at our table.  The one time the runner just left the plate at the end of the table, left and asked the waiter who the food belonged too.  First of all, do the tables not have numbers on the receipts? The lack of professionalism AGAIN was disturbing. Now finally, we come to the check, where the half off happy hour tapas were YET AGAIN not marked down.  The service here has finally taken it's toll over the delicious food.  I'd rather make my own pb and j than endure the simpleton staff!
We used to eat here quite often (2-3x per month), and have tried just about everything on the menu.  Lately the dishes have just not been as tasty.  Also, tonight when we went there, the portion sizes actually got smaller.  When 2 people are eating for $18.xx, I expect to have enough food to fill me up.    We are both active people, so we eat a fair amount, but we usually have leftovers unless we share a dish.  On this occasion, I left hungry after we shared 2 dishes.  We asked the server about the portion size and he assured us "everything is weighed".  The part omitted, presumably, was "now we measure out less".  Another diner also complained about portion size while we were there.  This place is emptier every time we visit.  Doubt we'll go back again.  Sorry Pei Wei, seems like you have run your course.
If Pei Wei were to choose a new slogan, I would suggest "Great Portions, Bland Food". The service was nice, and the dining area was clean, but the food itself was quite forgettable for the price.
I was so disappointed. I live on the other side of Vegas and going to Pei Wei was suppose to be a treat. But the veggies were old and wilted. My middle were mush. I won't be back. We got the pad Thai and orange beef. Both were terrible. The edename and crab wontons were good.
I think this is the worst Pei Wei I've been to.  The food was very bland and the whole restaurant was, for a lack of a better word... FILTHY.
What has happened to Pei Wei? My wife and like an occasional quick bite to eat and we like to stop by Pei Wei for the good food, good service, nice and friendly ambiance. Everything has gradually lowered to less than McDonalds service, facility, people. To the point, store located at 1311 West Sunset Road, #120, Henderson, Nevada 89014 at 6:44PM on February 9th, 2011. The food smelled appetizing, and we placed our order. So far no problem, my wife proceeded to a table as I went to get straws, drinks, dinner wear like usual, but then no ice, no straws, no oranges, and two forks. I only needed two forks so that was good. I took what I was able to get back to the table and sat for a while, returning to get ice and drinks, still no ice, no straws, no oranges. Back to the table, I wanted to tell someone, I looked around and noticed a lot of discontent in the room, the person behind the cash register was playing with his hand held phone. One of the cooks had a heavy green wool jacket on, (what's with that). Finally the food was on its way, I noticed it as the young lady went to table to table to try to figure out who ordered the plate. Our number was 40, but it wasn't on the order so she had to hunt. We asked for extra sauce on our Mongolian Style, instead we received less. The mushrooms were cold. It has to be the management, the others in town are really top notch.
unfinished dinner, by choice.  money not wisely spent.   I am not a big fan of franchised or chain restaurants, and it's been a long while since I stepped foot on one of them, especially the ones that claim to be "authentic exotic so and so cuisine".  For me, they're all Americanized and bastardized cheap versions of the originals.  This is my first time at Pei Wei's.   True enough, looks can be deceiving.  The interior and set up will make you feel you're dining at a fine or upscale Chinese gastro venue.  I went in, stopped by the cashier and ordered my food.  The food came and after the first bite, I realized the exact damn reason why I've never been to and tried Pei Wei's before.   The soup was uber peppery hot and ultra vinegary sour, and texturally and un-appetizingly slimy.  There were few chunks of tofu, occasional ground meat, few strands of bamboo shoots all mixed up in what seemed to be originally egg drop soup but colored with dark soy sauce.  There was not a taste or even a hint of the earthiness of either straw or rat's ears' mushrooms.  Out of the whole bowl, I consumed half a cup.  Bleh!  The Mongolian Chicken Dinner was a disappointment,...at best! It came with a serving of brown rice.   It tasted more like a Sweet and Sour Chicken sans red food coloring, pineapple and red/yellow peppers. In place of the peppers and pineapple chunks were quartered button mushroom and scallions simply cut in half, and again possibly colored by dark soy sauce.   The sauce was watery and the chicken meat's texture was suspiciously weird.  It didn't taste like chicken at all. It was silky soft and didn't need chewing and felt like it melted in my mouth.  It actually made me wonder if it was chicken.  Scary thought!  Need I say more?
Had dinner here last night. It's was ok. Not what I expected. Semi cafeteria type service.
First, let me say I love me some Pei Wei. I highly recommend the Dan Dan Noodles and Boyfriend likes the Teriyaki Rice Bowl. Technically, I believe each container has two servings in it, so you're getting a good amount of food, which is excellent, since it's pretty darn cheap. Also, online ordering is my favorite.  Now, I had never been to this particular location before (I frequent the one on Eastern, which is awesome), but we had an errand to run in the area, so I ordered online to pick up at this location. I arrived 5 minutes early and gave the girl at the counter my name. She said it would be just a minute. I ended up waiting 20 minutes, watched not one, but two walk-in customers order and RECEIVE their food and saw another person pick up their online order. Apparently, since I was sitting down next to the door, the counter girl thought I left. I stood up and see my food sitting behind the register. I saw her make the connection and asked her how long the food had been sitting there. She apologized, kinda, and sent me on my way. Who knows how long I'd have been waiting had I not gotten her attention.  Seems to me that a restaurant should be committed to getting customers their food when they say they will. I'll be sure to avoid this location in the future and I recommend you do the same.
Yawn.... This place used to be amazing. Now over priced like PF Changs. Won't be back.
Normally I like Pei Wei (it's the predictable "faster food" second channel of PF Chang, and the recipes are fresh, flavorful and fast.)  Unfortunately, this location kind of sucks.  Most of the tables in the place were either dirty or had been left half-bussed.  Clean plates and napkins weren't on the tables ready to go like they usually are at Pei Weis.  And my dinner companion for some reason got an entree that was about half the size of everyone else's.  Overall we just got the feeling it wasn't well managed.  Unless this location is within walking distance of your place, try the one on South Eastern Avenue going into Anthem - it's always clean and efficient.
Well, this will teach me to check here first - 3 stars? I probably would have chosen a different place to have lunch. This is my first Pei Wei experience, and even before the food gets here, I know I won't be back, at least, not to this location. The man taking my order at the counter was just downright rude when I asked about the spiciness of the pad thai. I thought it was a reasonable question, one I've asked a gazillion times in a bazillon restaurants. He launched into a tirade about not knowing other people's taste buds, the spiciness not being adjustable, etc. and I finally had to cut him off with "I gotcha" just to shut him up. Rude, rude, rude. Not acceptable to me. I'm really hoping the food is good. At least, there's that. And yes, I ordered the pad thai. For now, they get 2 stars because it smells good in here. I'll update the review after I've eaten.  Updated review of food: fairly tasty, ingredients fresh, slices of tofu kind of weird (I eat a lot of tofu but have never had this kind with with dark edges), sauce much oilier than other pad thais I've had, and my taste buds would call it medium spicy. Would I order it again? Probably not - too much oil for my liking. I might try something else on the menu but as I already mentioned, not at this location.  Keeping the 2 stars.
Great location and pretty close to my house. I am used to going to one in Arizona that will always get a four or five star rating from me, but using that logic doesn't usually pan out.  So, I ordered the pad Thai with chicken. Noodles were undercooked, chicken was fine. I took out all the chicken myself and asked for another plate of noodles because they were under. Cashier/person at the register was apologetic. 10 minutes later, came the second batch. . .   Exactly the same.   At this point I just gave up and left.  There were so many employees running around;  obviously no method to their madness.  I will not be going back.
I went here for lunch today expecting a pleasant stay. But when I walked in, the ambiance was kind of depressing. The waitresses/ waiters didn't seem happy to be there. At all.   The food was pretty good. But the wait for the food was terrible. I waited for 25 minutes for food while people around us (who came about 15-20 minutes after us) were being served.   Personally, I wouldn't come back. I have experienced better at the Pei Wei off of West Charleston. Being a regular there, I see much more pleasant employees, ones who ask how your day is going and makes sure if what you ordered is up to your expectations. I don't enjoy giving negative reviews, but this is how I truly feel.   Thank you.
First time experiencing Pei Wei.  Found it to be overpriced and underwhelming.  Everything was just this side of overcooked, not particularly special, not particularly appetizing.    Won't be returning.
We usually love to come here for a tasty low key family meal. We have not been in in a few weeks and are sadly surprised with both the menu changes and flavor of our favorite dishes. My Dandan noodles were oddly tasteless and had none of the usual spice to them. The Mongolian beef, chicken teriyaki and lettuce wraps were equally disappointing.  The chicken in the teriyaki bowl resembled the flavor Mc Donalds nuggets with some sauce dumped on it. The Mongolian beef was overly sweet and the sauces for both the dandan noodles and lettuce wraps almost tasted watered down.  Please bring back the flavors we love.
Can't believe the pasta's clams is from the Can food & Italian restaurant doesn't serve "capuchino" !!
I just don't get it.  The food is terrible and way overpriced.
Are closed on Sundays and not open until 3:30 on Saturdays. So you'll never have lunch there on a weekend. No clue why.  No booths.
Food was on the cold side and tasted like it had been reheated... Ordered chicken marsala and got chicken in a bunch of watery sauce. Prob will not visit here again.
Pasta: over-cooked Lasagna, drenched in Cheese, no Bechamel. Pizza: dough and sauce okay, way too much cheese, boring  Service: unattentive old man.  Atmosphere: Vinyl tablecloth, tacky deco, could be in the Bronx  No reason to ever go back.
Visiting from LA. Went to this pace based on the Yelp positive feedback.  Hard to believe the ratings. Early Friday dinner, not crowded yet took nearly 45 minutes for an order of ravioli and a small pizza. The there was the bland taste. Ever so slightly better than big box chain Whitewash Italian. Pizza crust tuff, as if old or overworked. No sauce to speak of and overly cheesy. Ravioli on the hard side of al dente, nearly tasteless meat filling.   On the positive side, the staff were very friendly and apologetic on the long wait. Perhaps locals prioritize service over food. Otherwise visitors should go elsewhere.
We've been coming here for 9 years.  But I am concerned for the future of this restaurant based on our dining experience last week after the new owner had officially taken charge for over a month.  Apparently you need to be a "friend" for him to even stop to say a word to you.  The food was very good, everything was the same as previous owners' menu except the salad no longer had artichokes.  Already cutting food costs.  Very slow night with something "not working" in kitchen.  And check seemed high for what we had.  Servers were very stressed and we left all stressed out.    I think we'll stick to take out.  The pizza was $4 higher for dine-in than take-out.
I used to love to love this place! Steve was a great restaurateur! However the new owner should have taken some lessons and certainly not changed the menu. We waited an hour and a half to have our entrees come out looking nothing like what I was used to. The Chicken Francese  came out all mixed together and they put red sauce on it. The sausage on my Dates plate was ground sausage ....which would have never left the kitchen before!  I'm only giving one star because the Drinks were cold and refilled. Saying sorry for the delay and blaming it on staff not showing up only goes so far.....
I don't mind eating with other people, but I felt like I was in the closet. My table was literally in the runway for the kitchen and a freeway of customers and severs were constantly hovering over me and wanting in line to get by on the single lane isle. Service was a little slow as was waiting for the food. We brought the kids, 3 and 4. They were very understanding and kind to my little monsters, which I really appreciated. They were "real" people.   But that being said. My primary reason for being there was the food. I like cheese. I love cheese. But if I can't see my main course because an impassable mountain of cheese is blocking me, then that would be too much cheese. After I mined for my noodles, my meal was actually pretty good.  So interesting place put needs some refining for me to return.
Food was extremely high priced for a place with only 12 tables. Pizza wasn't anything special--kids size was same as mine, but kids pizza is $7 and mine was $16.00...not sure how that makes sense.  My boyfriend ordered the Buon Gusto chicken and it was terrible. We would rather have gone to Grimaldi's, Maggiano's, or Firefly to spend that much money.
If I could give it 0 stars I would. We have gone here for years and enjoyed the food and service from the family owned restaurant. Well....just went today and either it has changed hands or is under new management. None of the previous family owners or staff were there. It was sooooo dark in the place that we had to use the flashlight on the cell phone to read the menu. We should have left at that point. My partner ordered a lunch special which was a slice of pizza and a side salad. I ordered a hot sandwich which also came with a side salad. I asked what dressings they had and when the waiter mentioned caesar dressing I said I would have that. He then told me that caesar dressing was $1 extra. Told him not to bother. We then ordered our drinks. He never bothered to bring staws and we had to ask for them. About 5 min later my partner was served her pizza and salad. Her salad had ranch dressing on it but you had to really look to find any. Guess ranch is expensive as well?? I got my salad. After about another 5 min I asked if there was a problem with my sandwich and was told rather rudely that it took time and would be ready soon. Another 10 min and my partner had already finished her food and I told they guy to forget the sandwich and bring the bill. He rudely told me it had only been 5 min and it would be ready soon. Anyway he finally bright the bill and had charged us for all the food and drink even though I had cancelled the sandwich before it was served. We gave him a $20 bill and asked for change. The revised bill and change did not show up so went to the counter and told him to give me the change and to revise the bill. Eventually another person came over and revised the bill and we got our change and left. I have not had this rude of service anywhere in years and not once did anyone in the restaurant apologize or even say they were sorry. The pizza was just ok, dont know about the rest of the food.....never got any. The staff even had the nerve to suggest that rather than change the bill they would fix the sandwich to go. It would only take a couple of minutes. !!!! Right !!!!! Anyway dont know when it changed hands but this place is horrible now. Will not go back...you could not pay me enough money to return.  There are many more places to eat in the area and suggest you try any of them....they cant be as bad as this place. No wonder they had so few customers.
This restaurant "used to be great."    It was recently sold and the new owners have made some changes that we really feel have made this restaurant a "no go" for my husband and me.   First, I have given this place a "second try" hoping that the new owner was just getting it together.    We arrived on what appeared to be a slow Tuesday evening.   I had to wait for 5 minutes before being seated - this is a small place and they were not busy!   I was finally shown to a table which was next to the kitchen......hello, could you have given me a better table towards the back?     I sat and waited for my husband to join me about 10 minutes later.    The food we ordered was extremely salty!    When the Owner came over to ask how our meal was, I told him the sauce was extremely salty and I couldn't eat it.   He then, get this, told me that only seniors from Sun City Anthem tell him this and they aren't a very good judge of food due to their age.   What??????    He also said that he hears this about once a month.......really?  BTW, I ordered the chicken Parm dinner and the presentation was awful and the chicken was pressed, processed chicken.      Never returning to this restaurant.     If I could give this restaurant no stars I would have done that in this review.
Went on a Mon eve with 3 others based on a friend's recommendation. The food was average @ best. Calamari and pizza were average. Crab cakes were horrid; deep fried to resemble oily hockey pucks and for 18$, expected a bit better than freezer to fryer. Wine helped.  Chef/new owner stopped by table to ask how food was and gave honest opinion that crab cakes usually not deep fried, particularly Italian style. Chef said that he could not change the recipe as he has so many regulars. I would question the palettes of that demographic. He asked where i was from originally and when advised from east coast he responded that east coasters are too picky about seafood. Eh?   He is young and in need of serious guidance on customer relations, Italian cuisine, freshness, and interior design. Maybe a visit back east is what he may need?  Am giving it two stars as our server was quite friendly and helpful.
We decided to try this place because of the other (mostly) great reviews on Yelp and it was close to our house.  I was craving Italian and wanted to try a non-chain restaurant.  We arrived at the restaurant at around 630 on a Wednesday evening and the place was full.  It is a very small restaurant with about 8 tables total, but we were seated and greeted very quickly and with a smile.  I will say that the service we received was very friendly - no issues there.  I ordered the baked lasagna and added a Caesar salad ($3 surcharge), my wife ordered the shrimp scampi, my son the spaghetti & meatballs and my daughter the kid's fettuccine alfredo with the broccoli cheese soup.  We were provided a bread basket with oil and balsamic vinagarette - tasty.  The ambiance was fine, although we were seated right next to the kitchen door - it's a small place, so that wasn't really an issue for us.  We received our salads and soups and I will say that both me and my son were disappointed with the caesar salads - the lettuce was drenched in dressing and it wasn't very pleasant.  I certainly don't think it was anything special to warrant an additional $3 upcharge from a regular salad.  The soup, however, was very tasty.  Our entrees arrived shortly after and after tasting a few bites, we all looked at each other with a level of disappointment.  The food is NOT bad at all; however, we certainly have had much better at other places.  The meals, in general, were very bland.  There was nothing special about any of the entrees and it certainly did not warrant the price $15+ each.  There are a lot of Italian eateries in town and there was nothing at this place that would compel me to return.  We wanted to really like this place as we are all in favor of supporting family-owned businesses, but the taste has to be there and it wasn't for us.
Meh, meh, meh. After waiting 25 minutes and watching everyone who ordered after us get their food first, I was treated to a very generic baked ziti. The sauce was extremely sour and tasted worse than grocery store pasta sauce. My husband had the pleasure of being served linguine del mar with three unopened mussel shells. After pointing this out to the server, he said sorry and quickly rushed off. There was no offer to redo the dish, to bring up mussels that are actually open or to offer a discount of some sort.   I'm appalled that the cook either didn't notice the defective mussels or just didn't care. I'm even more appalled that we were expected to pay full price for a dish that did not deliver what was promised.  The only memorable things that I will take away from this restaurant are the poor customer service and boring food.
Waited over 30 minutes for our food. Was it worth it? Nope. Food didn't have any taste I had to season myself.  I don't think I wanna come back again. Poor server was really nice. But What's up with the kitchen? What a shame.
Paid way to much for chicken with No Pasta. Giuseppe's  30yards away just as good if not better and they have a $10 menu
The room and the vibe wasn't bad but I came in for lunch and there were about 10 people in the room. I got the chicken fettucine at lunch and it was gummy. Boo  They did remake the plate. Hope it's better.  So upon receiving the remade pasta plate, both the waitress AND I were surprised at the amazing improvement there was. Which had me beg the question: if you knew that the actual dish should (and could) look like what we ended up with,, why on earth would you even send that sub-par  plate of food.  Makes me a little nervous about this place.  I do, however, like the little outdoor vibe for drinks, so my recommendation is, if you wanna go with some friends after work for a quick after work drink, it might be cute for a bit, but if you want food...it may be good, but it may not be. Apparently the quality control is a bit iffy.
Service was very good.  Pizza was just okay.  I came here three years ago and have been thinking about the tiramisu.  They don't have it any more.  Bring it back...thats the reason I came here.  The dessert menu seriously lacks.
As you can see from my previous review, I am definitely a fan of Sammy's Wood-fired Pizza. Love the franchise. However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.   I went there for lunch a couple of days ago because I was craving their delicious vegan cheese pizza, add pineapples. It was somewhat busy, but not over-crowded. Although our server was very friendly, service in itself left something(s) to the imagination. I ordered their hummus as an appetizer which never made an appearance. The pineapples from my pizza were absent, but the bug in my boyfriend's drink was very present. For some reason, our pizzas just didn't taste as good that day which greatly saddened us.   Who knows? Maybe it was an off day for them. I think I'll just stick with the Sammy's on Sunsent in Hendes from here on out though.
This place is garbage.  Every few years I end up here for some reason and by the end of the meal every time I think to myself, "why did I come back here?"  The epitome of bad chain-restaurant food.  Their namesake pizza is all dough and the crust is soft.  Crust should be crusty, not like a big slab of white bread.  The menu is a bland sampling of everything popular at other restaurants.  Tapas?  Really?  Those are not tapas.  They're appetizers.  Chicken Lettuce Wraps stolen from Pf Chang are not tapas.  Garlic bread, dumplings, baba ghanoush, thai chicken skewers.  What the hell is this menu?  These are appetizers, not tapas.  Also this is a crappy, bready-ass pizza place with wilted lettuce salads and bottled dressings and surely no real chef anywhere near the kitchen.  They want to please all of the suburban happy-hour housewives out there sipping an overpriced glass of grocery-store chardonnay so they lay out every bs thing that is trendy on someone else's menu.  Sliders and tapas and wraps and hummus and chicken lettuce wraps and pizza and tacos and burgers and doughnuts.  Enough.  If you want sliders, hit slidin thru.  If you want tapas, go to Firefly.  If you have a hankering for pizza, go to Settebello or Aurelio's or Due Forni.  Hungry for tacos?  Los Tacos or Tacos El Gordo.  This place specializes in bad renditions of food done way better elsewhere, made for people who don't know any better or don't care.  Just do one thing well!  Your namesake pizza is a disgrace.  Start there.  Another warning sign of a crummy restaurant is when you see trademark signs after their menu items.  Welcome to Chili's or Applebee's or Sammy's or whatever other pre-made frozen garbage restaurant with sauces that show up at the backdoor every monday in a  bag.  Everything heated up to order!  Bleccch.  So bad I get mad.
So, after almost 3 hours and spending over $100.00, we were told by our server in the bar, the "regulars" thot we were too loud!  There were maybe 5 people other than our party in the bar, 3 of t hem were alone & playing at the video poker machine.   It's a bar!  Then, when i called to speak with the manager to advise what my feelings were, he stated he would make the regional manager aware of the situation, since she was "right there" & they would contact me.  Still waiting!
Brought friends to enjoy a nice Friday night dinner. I was recommended to this place and went there last night. Food was alright but we were laughing and having a good time when they asked our party to keep quiet. We found out the lady who complained left before the bartender told us but still insisted we tone down our "good" time. We spent $140 in meals and drinks so we got up , paid our bill and we will never go to this place ever.
I used to like Sammy's until today! I ordered a grilled shrimp salad and I was enjoying it until I saw a cricket all covered in my dressing without legs, so I supposed or either those legs where somewhere else in my salad or I already ate them. I went to the bathroom and puked it up. They just said: Sorry!, and paid for it. People!, check the food before it gets out from the kitchen or at least, cover it so nothing lands on it. Disgusting!!
Work nearby Sammy's on W Sahara and had lunch there at least three time a week for past two years.  They just changed their menu, took off a lot of good old favorites and added funky new items that are not that great.  Do not like it and will search for new lunch hang out.   Sammy's WHY did you change a GOOD THING???  Was not a smart move.
I don't know what's happened to this place, but it's gone downhill quickly. We've frequented this location almost weekly in the year since we moved to Las Vegas and were always happy with the varied menu, excellent food and fast, friendly service.   We went there again a few weeks ago and everything seemed to have changed overnight. First, and most notably, the menu is MUCH smaller and more limited. They have removed more than 30 items, including most of our favorites, and added a few new ones. When we asked the server why, she said they had revised it to offer more healthy selections. She pointed out that iceberg lettuce doesn't have any nutritional value so it's no longer included in their salads. Meanwhile, they've added things like artichoke fritters and chicken meatballs. Excuse me? Lettuce isn't healthy but deep-fried fritters are? Hmmmm.  Service was painfully slow and when the food did finally arrive, it was mediocre at best. Also, they've replaced the usual sparkling wine with one that costs more. Price hikes, limited menu options, slow service, passable food--this is not the Sammy's we grew to love. When we left, we vowed that we will not be back. I would no longer recommend this place to others; it's not worth your time or your money.
We used to come here often because it's close to downtown, open late, and had vegan pizza. But after a few weeks of not going, we went last night and found out that they no longer carry vegan cheese and don't make vegan pizzas. This is a big disappointment and we won't be going back.
Went here friday night for dinner with hubby. We had not been here for a few years and we were excited to try it again. We wanted to love it... But found everything to be just ok... Kinda disappointing. Service was slow, even though it was not that busy (our first clue we  Probably picked the wrong place to eat). The restaurant was very warm... I am always  old (even in las vega summers) but the first thing I asked the waitress aw to please have the ac turned down as I was sticking to my shirt after only a few minutes in my booth. She agreed that it was warm,but thought it was because she was working hard. It never cooled off much after our initial discussion. Oh well... Food was ok... Not great and not bad enough to send back. Grilled shrimp salad was soggy, over dressed ( forgot to ask for dressing on the side), soup was hot, weird oily creaminess. I did not like the leftover coating in my mouth so hubby ate this. Garlic bread was over greasy... Really it was a white pizza, not garlic bread like I thought. Bar far, the worst part of the meal was a salad that we took home for our daughter. We ordered the chopped sAlad to go. We did not bother to. Heck it before we left the restaurant (would never have occurred to me!). When she opened the sAlad, she thought we were playing a joke on her. There were 4 small cubes of chicken,6 small pieces of copped tomAto, a sprinkle of chopped black olives and about 4 cups of shredded lettuce!  We could not find anything else in this sAlad... She deconstructed everything, cut up her own tomAto, shredded some cheese, removed more than half of the shredded lettuce and had her dinner. Still An anemic salad, but when it's late Nd youRe hungry, what are you going to do? Horrible... There is no way they would have served this salad in the restaurant. I feel ripped off! I would have called to complain, but then they would probably offer to replace or give a coupon. No thanks, I have no desire to go back... Even for free meal!
Wife and I stopped recently for lunch.  She ordered the chicken wrap; me the Chinese chicken salad.  It took nearly 30 minutes to get the order filled.  Waitress apologized.  Said the chicken was being fresh cooked.  Manager finally came by and offered us a free tapas to ease the wait (nice touch).  But when dishes finally arrived, I found about 5 pieces of chicken in my heaping salad that taste wise had been compromised by an over generous drenching of some kind of dressing (sesame oil, I think) that produced more heat than taste.  Wife's wrap was more robust with chicken, but not noticeably fresh cooked.  Overall, a poor experience.
I've heard good things about this place so I was very excited to try it out.  However, I was not impressed. When I got there I was given a glass for my water and the glass was water stained...then came my food, um...it looked like it was clean either. There were orange streaks marks all over the white plate I had my salad on! The food was decent but if I do EVER go back here it definatly won't be this location! No bueno!
Honestly the first time I went there my salad was amazing but the past few times the foods been mediocre! Burnt or not hot, my fiancee got sick after one occasion and the services is just not up to par. Stop flaunting your goods and bring me my food.
My family and I have been waiting for our food... 30mins! And there's only one other table- hate this place!
How does this place average four stars?  My waitress was pleasant, if not prompt.  The pizza was meh.  I figured if it was in the name, that it would be worth ordering.  The pepperoni pizza had a dry crust, too little sauce, too little cheese, and lacked flavor.  I didn't particularly enjoy it.  The duck tacos 'tapas' was okay, but lacking in flavor.  The ceasar salad had very little dressing on it, and some of the lettuce was wilted.  I had the second-worst hurricane (a mixed-drink made with rum and fruit-juice) I've had to date here.  It included a straw that was shorter than the glass it was in.  I didn't leave hungry, but wasn't terribly pleased about that.  I also spent more than I was happy with for what I got.  I would have been fine with the cost had the food been as good as I had been led to believe it should have been from the other reviews.
Looking at the menu, it seems that Sammy's either can't decide what type of food they are serving, or they are trying to copy the popular dishes from a dozen different restaurants.  Tapas, Lettuce wraps, Tacos, Hummus? I thought this was a pizza joint, but there are mostly non-pizza items on the menu.  It's nice to see gluten free and dairy free pizza options on the menu, but they charge way too much for it here. The personal pizzas are around $13, but if you want GF/DF it will be $5 extra. Apparently Sammy's thinks people with allergies should pay 40% more than everyone else.  The gluten free crust is not made in house, it's a very thin premade crust. Worse, they don't even know how to fire it. My pizza was soggy in the center, it flopped over and the toppings fell off when I picked up a piece.  $18 for this small soggy pizza is steep, even if it is gluten and dairy free.  I make a far better gluten free pizza at home. Even Whole Foods can make a better gluten and dairy free pizza, at less than half the price of Sammy's.  A redeeming factor is the Daiya cheese, it's awesome and pretty much impossible to screw up. Even if you eat dairy you will probably love this stuff.  The waitress recommended "Kobe" beef sliders to my friend, and assured her that the fries were fresh cut when asked. The sliders tasted like average low grade beef, lacked seasoning, and were overcooked (she ordered medium rare but there was no trace of pink inside). The fries were clearly frozen, definitely not fresh cut. Maybe the waitress didn't know, or maybe she flat out lied about the fries being fresh cut. Either way it was a disappointment.  Left feeling like I overpaid for mediocre food, got price gouged because of allergies, and food was misrepresented by the waitress.  Another reviewer @Tim D. put it perfectly, I wasn't hungry when I left, but I wasn't terribly happy about that. Pretty much sums it up for me.
Stopped by yesterday for lunch. Ordered hummus and pita to start, pretty yummy. Had the grilled mahi tacos and the lettuce and salsa was all that you taste. Very little mahi mahi. I was bummed because I ordered these in the past and I don't remember them being stuffed with all that lettuce. Seriously, not very good. My daughter ordered the cheese pizza. She told me it was spicy. At first I didn't believe her, so I tried it.  To my shock, the pizza sauce was spicy. A little odd for a kids pizza. I'll return, I'll just order differently.
We were in the area, very hungry and  both pretty excited there was a Sammy's  close by. I don't have many choices because of my gluten intolerance but Sammy's has GF options.  My husband and I ordered the exact same pizza's as we did at the N Durango location and they didn't taste anything like the ones we had there.   They both were under cooked, the ingredients didn't taste fresh at all. It just didn't taste like it held the same standards as that location. I've only eaten at the N Durango location and that set the bar pretty high and this didn't even come close.   It wasn't even worth asking them to remake it, or put it back in the oven, because I don't believe they could have done any better than what they served us. Needless to say I walked out hungry and slightly grumpy that I wasted my money.   It has a casino/bar and restaurant you can sit and order at and I normally don't like to sit in the "smoking" section but the hubby wanted to gamble and we were the only ones in there so I that's where we ate. Bartenders were nice and very personable.I ordered the cucumber cooler (i think)  and it was about as delicious as the food.  I've raved about the Durango & 95 location. Now I know that each location could be different from the next, so keep that in mind.  I would just be leery of this Sammy's. It's close to the strip and has that casino bar feel and It really does lack quality, but don't use this location to judge the rest.
Lunchtime crowd and we were seated right away. That's when we were "forgotten" ! It took longer then it should for the server to get back and get us our drinks. Even longer to take our order and I mentioned it to the server. Next thing is we're bring served by entirely different server. Which took even more time. I didn't like the way we were served and the menu was weak. I'm not going back ..,.
My husband and I went here on a weekday for lunch.  We were seated promptly. There was no wait. The dining room was three quarters empty. It has little decor and ambiance. Very plain. Nothing special to speak of. There's a mix of tables and booths, and bar seating.   Our server, Alexandra B., came to the table fairly quickly. She asked if we'd like drinks. Husband ordered water. and I asked for water, a glass of Leaping Horse chardonnay, and a side of ice. My wine was $6.50 a glass and was very good. Full flavored and very drinkable. Alexandra forgot to bring my side of ice. I had to ask her for it again.   We were expecting that a place that has "pizza" in their name would have a bigger array of pizza and do pizza well. We had visions of sharing a big "Supreme" pizza and taking some home. Not possible at Sammy's. They only have individual pizzas. So with our dreams of sharing a Supreme pizza and having great leftovers for the next day squashed, my husband ordered an "Italian" personal pizza which had pepperoni, sausage and mushrooms on it. You get one big piece of pepperoni on each "slice" of pizza. The mushrooms were very sparse. Hubby said it needed more of them. He said the pizza was "fair".  I ordered the Chinese Chicken Salad. It looked beautiful. I was happy, seeing this bright, beautiful salad with its array of vegetables including the surprise of green bell pepper, which you don't often see in this type of salad.  However, with my first bite, I was disappointed. The dressing that was tossed throughout the salad was bland, boring, and didn't have enough Asian flavors. One of the great things about this salad, if done right, is the tangy, full-of-flavor Asian dressing on it. Flavors of soy and ginger are usually in the forefront. Not so with this one. It tasted like oil and vinegar and not much else. I think I detected a hint of soy and less so, ginger, but I'm not sure. I had to look hard to find the chicken. there were a few unevenly sized pieces throughout, some of them a little too charred, with black areas covering a big part of a few pieces. The chicken was also dry. I ate four or five bites and just couldn't eat anymore. It was pretty tasteless.  We ordered dessert. Hubby decided on the Messy Sundae. Our server said it was "big enough for four people". He decided to try it anyway. The sundae was pretty "monster". It was big but would it feed four? Depending upon how much lunch you ate, and what your appetite is like, it might. I'd describe it as "feeds 1-4". It came served in a tall glass goblet  and was filled with vanilla ice cream, and had chocolate sauce not only all over the ice cream but on the saucer that the goblet was on. It was topped with walnuts and a large amount of whipped cream. There were more walnuts in the chocolate sauce on the plate. Hubby really enjoyed the sundae. I decided to try the Caramel Pudding since I love caramel. It was served in a small wine glass and the pudding filled the glass halfway. It was topped with a small amount of whipped cream. The pudding was creamy and rich and full of caramel flavor. The only thing that would've improved it was if there had been more of it! I really enjoyed it.  Alexandra was cheerful, efficient, and checked back on us a couple of times.    To sum up, we were not impressed with our entrees at all. We know of several other places that do pizza, and Chinese Chicken Salad, much better than this. Sammy's is a 20 min drive from home. We wouldn't come back here again unless we happened to be in the neighborhood already, and then we would stop in for just dessert and a glass of chardonnay. :)
I went in to buy $50 Gift certificate, but the guy selling it to me did not want to take my credit card, that they have to pay 3% on the transaction. So he turned down $50. Wow, business must be good.
A friend and I bought a sampling of Silly Yak's egg-free, casein-free, and gluten-free baked goods. I had high hopes but ultimately everything we bought was dry, dense, and lacking in flavor. I rarely find anything truly inedible but this time I did throw my share away. A major disappointment after the other positive reviews.
Disappointed. My friends had the deep dish pizza and said it was not as thick and delicious as the one they had at Uno's in Chicago. The salad they ordered was mediocre, nothing special. I had the 5 grain thin pizza with eggplant spinach and tomato, which was okay. The most memorable part of the meal was observing our waiter who kept a dead-pan expression and lumbered slowly back and forth from the dining room to the kitchen. He only provided silverware for the salad eaters, not for those with pizza who might like to eat ingredients that fell off the pizza onto the plate. Shouldn't have to wait and request eating utensils. We all agreed we would not return.
Stopped here on Sunday night with a friend.  I hadn't been to Uno's in more than 15 years.  We ordered 2 brews and a Numero Uno pizza - classic deep dish with tomatoes, peppers, onions, sausage and pepperoni.  Server was friendly and professional - he did a great job of checking in on us throughout the meal.  The problem was with our pizza - it was ice cold in spots.  My dining pal explained that the pizzas are all kept frozen and reheated to order.  Really?  But it made sense, given the ice crystals that I could still see between the crust and the toppings...  Our server took the pizza back to be "refired" and returned about 10 minutes later.  It still wasn't piping hot, but it was better.  The pizza was good, but the frozen spots were a bit troubling.  Price was on the high side as well - $19 for a deep dish that barely fed 2 people; brews were more spendy than other places.  Interior is nice, but the bar is quite small.  I'd imagine it would be an uncomfortable place if you were waiting for a table during a busy night.
We weren't really impressed. The service was fine, but the pizza wasn't very good. We got the Margharita and the basil was all wilty and dry. We probably won't go back even though we live within walking distance as there are better pizza places in town.
I have no idea what kind of crack people are smoking in Phoenix. This was the most vile meal I've had in a long time, and without a doubt the worst "Thai" restaurant I've ever been too.  In all my life I've never sent a dish back to the kitchen, but my "drunken dragon" noodles were so beyond recognizable as food, they had to go back. I have no idea if the kitchen staff accidentally dumped a box of cleaning detergent on it or what, but everyone at my table agreed that it was not edible.  My aforementioned dining partners, luckily, didn't have quite as bad an experience as me. However, they certainly didn't seem to enjoy their dinners and commented on how bland the food was.  As for me, I wish my food was bland. It sure beats the taste of bitter, burnt plastic that overwhelmed my poor noodles.  2 stars because the server was super nice and didn't charge me for my dinner without me having to ask. And he offered a free beer as an apology. However, it came in a glass that had lipstick all over it.  Gross.
Just when you thought you can trust a local for advice on nice restaurants, she leads you the wrong way... The counter girl at the spa suggested Malee when I inquired about a nice place to dine at. So, I dragged my coworker to probably one of the worst Thai restaurants I have ever been to in terms of food quality and ruin my foodie reputation.    The first signs should be been telling.  No Thai or even Asian host or hostess to guide you to the table and this place looked too fancy for some authentic Thai food.  And surely enough, the food sucked! My Pad Thai tasted like Thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce. It was nasty and I am not one to consume unnecessary calories. So, I stared at my Pad Thai for the next 30 minutes as my coworker continued to consume his not-so-spectacular duck curry.    Needless to say, I'm definitely crossing Malee off my list.
COCKROACHES IN THE FOOD!!!  After my disappointing experience with Malee's at Desert Ridge several years ago I pretty much wrote the chain off.  That is, until I was with a few friends on a Sunday evening looking for a bite to eat after visiting the DBG for the Chihuly exhibit.  The four of us decided on Thai & our friend that was driving mentioned Malee's.  We all agreed to give it a try after we realized that the other mentioned options were closed on Sunday evening.  To start, Malee's atmosphere was not bad.  The dinning room was clean (or seemed so) & was well decorated for a Thai restaurant.  The service was marginal...  Our server proceeded to explain all of the specials, all of which he pretty much said were not good.  Pretty strange, but I always appreciate the honesty, but needless to say, we ordered off of their regular menu.  The food...  The food was OK, nothing special.  I absolutely LOVE great Thai food, however, this was not much better than what you would be served at a Chinese restaurant.  Presentation was great, but the food was missing the real Thai flavors & covered with tons of sodium-rich sauce & oil.  For those of you who rave about this place, try Thai Lahna or Thai Rama for excellent authentic Thai cuisine.  Back to the COCKROACHES IN THE FOOD!!!  After the four of us had our first serving of food with rice, I went in for another serving of rice from the community bowl to try my partners dish.  Amongst the rice was a "friend" looking up at me, a COCKROACH.  Although I am vegetarian, the fact that an animal was in the rice did not freak me out.  Cockroaches, however are not a sign of cleanliness in a restaurant.  I already had my concerns after visiting the restroom to wash my hands before dinner, what a freaking mess!  But that's another show...  After finding the cockroach in the rice, I brought this to the server's attention, trying not to make a scene & upset my friends who had all already eaten from the rice bowl.  I requested a fresh bowl of rice & explained the problem.  He saw it & agreed to bring a new bowl, which he did shortly thereafter.    One big problem that I have with Malee's is that we did not receive any sort of apology for being served a COCKROACH in our rice.  I was not looking for a free dinner, but an apology was in order for such a disgusting situation from both the server & a manager/owner would have been nice.  Obviously the server & or management did not care that they served us a COCKROACH in our food.  Obviously the management/owners DO NOT CARE about sanitation.  Obviously the management/owners DO NOT CARE about their customers health & well-being as long as they get their money.  Needless to say, I will never go back here again.  If you are looking for a good, authentic, sanitary Thai feast, try Thai Lahna or Thai Rama.
I've been to the one at Desert Ridge many times, but sadly, it has closed so I went to this location instead. The menu is pretty extensive but the food itself was subpar. The noodles were too rubbery and the flavors were pretty standard. I ordered a saketini which I've had many places and this was the worst! It was all vodka, and no sake. Waste of money.   They also had a young girl playing the piano there...which was....out of place. It made it so the restaurant was so loud that I couldn't even speak to the person next to me.   Definitely won't be going back here soon.
If you want authentic Thai food, this place is definitely not for you. My family and I went there on our visit to Scottsdale. When we first got into the door, we didn't see any Thai or asian workers or customers, which are kinda surprising to see (or in case "not see") in a Thai restaurant. We ordered a couple entrees to share and the food were definitely not Thai food, it's more like Thai imitation. Anyway, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either. It was okay in term of taste. The reason I gave it two stars instead of three was because all the items on the menu were expensive.
I really wanted to love Malees and I did for a period of time when the Desert Ridge location was open and they were serving Thai food.  But it seems that the menu went from the classics of Thai cuisine to some strange American-Asian fusion which was trying harder to be "stir fry with Thai influence" rather than straight up Thai.  So we stopped going and eventually, through no fault of our own, the restaurant closed.  We went to Malees down on Main in Old Scottsdale and I had very high hopes.    The soup was good, great flavors, all the right ingredients.  However, for the main courses, again, what in the hell is up with the menu?  I kept looking for the Thai classics, but they were really either hidden or nowhere to be found.  Panang, a bit, Mussamon was shockingly absent, but lots of 'fusion-style" dishes and largely pedestrian fare was abundant.  This is darned near like going to an Indian restaurant and having no aloo mater, tandoori dishes or naan.  If you're looking for a semi-elegant place to bring out of town guests that say they're adventurous eaters but probably aren't, you may find this as an acceptable choice.    If you're a true fan of the Thai classics, I'd suggest looking elsewhere.  The service is good, a little rushed and the owner seems to care about the restaurant, but I really won't be returning until Deidre brings back the Thai classics.  I don't want a simple, universally-accessible menu.    I want to go on a culinary adventure.  Bring back the adventure and I'll bring you my dining dollars.
A couple words can easily describe my review on Malee's: oily food, cold & incorrect orders and a cockroach.   I first found Malee's Thai Bistro through Groupon.com when they ran their $20 for $40 coupon. My fiance and I are frequent Thai eaters so I thought I would be a good opportunity to get some great food at a discount. Boy was I wrong.   First thing you should know is that Malee's is not traditional Thai food. It's Thai with a twist and, in this case, not a good twist. We started with the Spring Rolls. Usually Thai spring rolls are tightly wrapped and not overly fried. These were neither. The rolls were messy and the cooking oil was dripping out of them.   My fiance and I ordered the Thai Basil Pasta no spice and Coco Chile Fish medium spice for the main course. The Thai Basil Pasta came out lukewarm and spicy. The Coco Chile Fish was oily and not spicy. Although both dishes were somewhat tasty, they simply didn't hit the mark.   To top it all off, we noticed a cockroach scurrying across the floor as we ate our dinner. Needless to say, we decided to pass on dessert and head home.   Do yourself a favor and try other local Thai restaurants. Thai Basil and Lemon Grass Cafe in Tempe blow Malee's out of the water.
It's okay, but that's about it.   I also worry about cleanliness.   When the bathroom is dirty, and it was, I suspect the kitchen is worse.
As we were seated to lunch my weary boyfriend turned to me and said "I don't know about an Asian resturant without Asian people." but after such great reviews on yelp I told him he was silly and proceeded to order. We started with the spring rolls, they tasted like the frozen free samples that you get from shopping at costco. Very disappointing... But maybe the main courses of red curry and pad Thai would be great. Wrong. The pad Thai came out swimming in syrup. It was like aunt jemima with ketchup and jalapeo- by far the worst pad Thai I have ever tried.  I don't even want to waste time typing about the curry.  I will give  a complement, the ingredients were fresh, and service was good.  It's great thai food for people who have never had Thai food before. The more I trust yelp here in Phoenix, the more I believe that people have no idea of what they are talking about.
This place was almost really good but where they failed they failed on such a huge level! The amount of poop in literally every piece of shrimp in our orders of pad Thai was astonishing. If you didn't see the poop in the shrimp the pad Thai would've been really good but unfortunately the poop was extremely prevalent. The chicken lettuce wrap looked amazing but upon tasting, it tasted like you were eating mainly salt. It was extremely overwhelming on that end but the presentation was great. Maybe it was just one day gone terribly wrong in the kitchen but as far as our first dining experience it was fairly disastrous. Out of the five people I was with there seemed to be a complaint from all five of us. I would've been happy with the pad thai once again but when the poop was spotted in every piece of shrimp it absolutely ruined the meal. The staff was awesome though and our waitress was great. No complaints on that end. Only the actual taste of the food and once again...you can't forget the poop!
I've been twice now.  Both times the food quality was just average.  I dock an additional star for being overpriced.  The basil crispy chicken just didn't work for me.  Maybe it's their execution, but the "flash frying" of the basil just creates a bitter flavor that ruins the dish.  The pad thai was very average.  I know it's not an adventurous thai dish, but I had a hankering for it and was disappointed that it wasn't better.  I do like the atmosphere, and the service was solid.  I liked Phuket, a beer I don't remember having had before.  The tables on the sidewalk are dog-friendly.
Passable food, but overpriced by a LOT.  Not going there again.  :\
Overall decent. For the price this place is average.  I guess in DC they have significantly better Thai.  The rice wasn't even very good.  Pad Thai has an aftertaste akin to dog food.  Milkbone's to be exact. Purchased Pad Thai and some mixed veggies and some special new dish shrimp and calamari peppercorn ....  We were starving and it still left something to be desired.  I'm sure some people will think this place is awesome and thats understandable,  I just think there are other places I will be visiting before heading back to this food.
I didn't like it. We were passing it and a woman heard us and recommended it; being "out-of-towners" we figured local recommendation would be good, but it wasn't.  My beef with veggies in garlic sauce may have been good on an average day, but today tasted like beef that failed to be refrigerated, or was few weeks old, or was a beef-substitute ... Whatever it was, it caused me to get immediately nauseous!  After I told the pleasant waitress about it and she took the complaint inside (we were sitting outdoors) the hostess and who may have been the chef judging by the white apron, stepped outside just enough to take a look and went back in, no questions asked.  Other than the meat that tasted like less-than-fresh road kill, the behavior of the staff convinced me to share that experience with fellow yelpers and possibly warn someone the way I wish I had been warned ... the one star can stand for the good Thai iced tea ... But it isn't easy to mess that up...
I was pretty stoked to try this out, everyone recommended them as authentic good Thai food.  The Laab Chicken I ordered was anything but authentic, and not tasty.  I may give them another chance, but it seems that they (maybe shrewdly) accommodate to the American tongue: and if you know your Thai food truly, you probably will not be psyched.  If you are looking for a first entry into Thai food, possibly an OK place.
Me and the lovely went here on a Groupon buy and I so wanted to love it. Sorry to say we did not. We were seated by a very friendly host, next to a map of Thailand painted on the wall and the bar opposite. I felt a little like I'd been put in the back 40.   Waiter was nice but a little clueless; I asked for a reco on what the house did best. He totally stammered and stared at his feet and finally said 'a lot of people get the whole fish'. Not wowed. A nice wine list helped but I have had better Thai food elsewhere. No kefir lime leaves in the Panang, no fresh basil...I get it was their version but I didn't think it was great and neither did the lovely. To top it off, stammering waiter man/boy brings the check and says did you want anything for desert? Um. No thanks.   It would have been a pricey meal had we not had the Groupon [$40 food for $20]. $52 plus tip for just okay and not such a nice atmosphere? I say, meh.
I feel sorry for people who think this is as good as Thai food gets. They have no idea what they are missing out on.  After several days of eating Italian and American food, we decided to go "Asian" and chose Malee's based on the high average Yelp rating.  My first impression was good.  The restaurant has a nice ambiance and the service is pretty good.  But I was shocked when I saw the menu.   The prices are outrageous.  It ended up costing $62 for 3 people.  I'm pretty sure I could've gotten the same amount of food for half the price at any Thai restaurant in LA.  We ordered Crab Rangoon, Tom Ga Kai soup, Calamari salad, and Roasted Duck Curry.  The Crab Rangoon lacked crab and the sauce did not go well with the fried dumpling.  One of my pet peeves is when a restaurant defaults to white meat chicken without asking me for my opinion. News Flash! There are many of us out there who prefer the juiciness and tenderness of dark meat chicken.  Anyway, the Tom Ga Kai had all white meat chicken and it tasted dry and flavorless. Furthermore, the soup was too thick and was more like a stew.  The soup base itself was far too sweet.  I order this soup at every Thai restaurant I go to so I think I've had it enough times to be able to say that this one was the worst.   I am also a huge fan of Roasted Duck Curry and this was the worst Roasted Duck Curry I've had at a Thai restaurant anywhere.  Even though this was not a good Roasted Duck Curry, we all agreed that it was the best thing we ordered.  How sad.
Don't go!! We had four dishes total (including Pad Thai, Tum Yum and scallops and basil, and all had a red (tomato looking) stock base. It was strange. Food was not very good and this writer was confused about the many good reviews of the past. Caveat emptor!! Something has changed.  And Again I say, Don't go!!!
Thai restaurant? Y'all already know what your girl, Angela ordered. (Pad Thai, of course!) For it being on the Lunch Special menu, it was pretty pricey. $9.99 for a decent portion + choice of soup or salad. I chose and loved the soup, it had a strong ginger taste, and I love me some ginger!  Given it's Scottsdale, where I assume food is a little bit pricier, I won't dwell on the $9.99. But I can honestly say, that the Pad Thai (with shrimp and chicken) was super dry. You could see the clumpy paste of a sauce they put on the dish, and the chicken, yikes! Very, Very dry.  The flavoring was fine, but just toooooooooo dry! I wanted to pour water over the noodles! Towards the end, I was dipping my chicken into my friend's curry as an attempt to soften up the chicken, but it didn't work :(
The soup was too salty and heavy and the panang chicken was kinda blend. I've had it better at a Chinese restaurant in CO.
Thai??? Really?? I love Thai food and couldn't be happier to try a new restaurant. Wow! It was a slap in the face on so many levels. The 2 hostesses were the rudest I have had the displeasure of having to interact with. We ordered take out and as we waited for out food from the kitchen the hostesses made us uncomfortable... As if we were imposing on there entry. The food was not spectacular. We ordered pad Thai , was very dry but not horrible. The sweet or sour beef was watery and seemed more like fajita with way too many peppers. No  sticky rice, green papaya salad, Larb...
In town for business, I picked this place based on other's reviews.  It was strange to be in an Americanized Thai Restaurant.  I've always had the best experiences in traditional, shopping center or strip mall Thai spots but thought since I was in Scottsdale, I would try mainstream and wasn't impressed.    I order the veggie summer rolls with smoked tofu (which I've never seen on a menu), thinking it would be nice to try something new.  The portion size was good, however, it was mostly glass noodles and lettuce with once slim piece of tofu and minimal carrots.  The peanut hosin sauce was pretty good, but tasted of BBQ sauce more than peanut.  I chose the Arizona Heatwave as my main entree with fried tofu and medium hot.  The spicyness of the dish was pretty good however, there was more curry sauce than anything else in the bowl.  I'm accustomed to getting large chunks of peppers, onions, bamboo shoots and carrots but there were hardly any vegetables besides celery.  Tofu was plentiful but I ordered the dish for the veggies.  I'm thinking I may have gone here on an off night because the meal didn't live up to my expectations based on other's experiences.
Thai fusion is more like it.  I love Thai food but Malee's is more Thai fusion.  Don't come here if you're looking for authentic Thai food. The food is alright, there are dishes on the menu that you won't find in normal thai cuisine like the Crispy Calamari Salad, although it was good.  They pump up the AC so the room is freezing and I think the building is old because the acoustics are awful. You can hear every conversation in the room and it's all echoing so you won't be able to hear yourself think!  If you don't mind less than average Thai food, freezing conditons and lots of noise than Malee's is the place for you.  I probably won't be back...
I ordered food to go........  ordered  Basil Curry Clam that was actually really good.  I asked the person who took my order what is the most popular dish that is good.  She recommended Crispy Basil Chicken.  Did not enjoy that all.  Took one bite then tossed it.  Also order the chicken satay.  The chicken was not my favorite.  but the peanut sauce was good.
Not good!  I used to eat here regularly but haven't been to Malees in a couple years.  It has REALLY gone downhill.  Bad food, terrible service and an overall disappointment.  :(. Not going back!
Honestly I was a little disappointed before I even sat down for dinner. We had made reservations the night before for a 7:30pm dinner on Saturday night. It was so busy that they didn't even seat us with reservations until 8:15, really?? So once seated, service was super slow, tap water, really? Yuck!! Ordered the Thai pad, it was mushy and so tasteless. One of my friends ordered their fish and he said it was tasteless and another had their teriyaki chicken and thought it was tasty. Atmosphere, too many ppl cramped in, this will be one place I will avoid next time in town. I was a little surprised that they didn't offer us a free appetizer for not getting us in exactly at reserved time.
This place was not good.  The food was just, i duno, overly flavored? not as described? far below average?  I've had very good thai food (being from San Francisco), and this was not it.  The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because the staff was very pleasant, efficient and professional, even for a large group.  The food was the opposite.  After trying all of the items that were listed as "must try's" by other yelpers, I was VERY disappointed.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
The only thing Thai about Malee's are the owners. The food is clearly catered to the White People of Scottsdale, and they're the ones who wrote the 5 star reviews.  I came here on a Saturday night at 7pm. There were several tables seated, and I was the only Asian in the restaurant. The hostess was Mexican, the Waiters were white, and the Bus Boys were Mexican.   This is the first time I went to a Thai Restaurant and there wasn't pad see ew on the menu. That's a pretty western dish and I was surprised that they didn't offer it.  This place is expensive, and not worth the price. If you're White and you've never had legit Thai food than this place is for you.
We arrived close to closing (an early 9pm) and got a perfunctory 'you'd better order right now' from the hostess.  A scowling white guy was checking something on a monitor as we walked past the entrance, and as we are seated I notice a row of dirty glasses left on a window ledge at our table.  I get a very un-Thai like calimari salad that is only mildy interesting, while my gf has something I ate a lot of, but cannot remember.  For a restaurant with a higher price tag than other local Thai places, and a very nice address smack in the middle of Old Scottsdale, I would have expected more.
I visited on Thursday evening. The decor was definitely lacking, with all doors to the kitchen and the rest room open. I ordered a cup of Tom Yum and Cashew Chicken. The wait for the soup was 27 min. It was OK but not great. It took another 15 min to get the main course. It was as spicy as I ordered it, but somehow tasteless. Overall, a disappointment.
Green peppercorn shrimp and calamari has got to be the house joke. Three tiny shrimp, not even measuring an inch in diameter, along with rings of Calamari so minuscule they resembled small rubber bands. Not kidding. Why, half the fun of eating calamari is grossing your friends out by hanging all the tentacles halfway out of your mouth...then sucking them in, in a mighty swoosh.  Major disappointment.  Malee's.  If you think your fabulous sauces are going to wow me, getting me to overlook how  you just cheated me out of fifteen bucks, you're wrong.   I don't like gnawing on lemongrass sticks either. Leave them off. They do nothing for the presentation, save for tricking your average Thai food novice into taking a bite.  This would be like an American restaurant leaving bay leaves in everything and having Thai people thinking its something you eat.  Shame on you.   I didn't like the Spinach Chicken either. Same chicken base and sauce as is in many of the other chicken dishes, only it's ladled over fresh, uncooked spinach leaves.  You couldn't have put less effort into this dish if you tried.  This is the Vanna White of Thai dishes.  Maybe this is how you survive the summer months when the tourists are gone.  I'm out.
Was really excited to try a new Thai place in town, heard nothing but great things about this place. Received water as soon as we sat down, and then hadn't been acknowledged AT ALL, over 15 MINTUES we sat without service. A table that had been seated after us had already had their order taken and drinks received. After telling someone we were tired of waiting, we exited hungry and irritated. I'm in the industry too, I know how it goes! This was unacceptable! I'll stick to Phoenix for great food and great service. Sad we didn't even get to try the food!
I had heard quite a few good things about this restaurant, specifically the items that they had on the menu.  Showed up with a group of friends to celebrate a birthday.  We had reservations so there was no surprise big group showing up.  Our server was kind of spacy and not really with it.  He did not respond to our questions about items on the menu and when he did he mumbled.  Now normally I wouldn't care about this but add the rest of his service and this made for an annoying time.  When we were done eating we asked for our checks.  Thirty minutes later he finally came with our checks; where we proceeded to promptly provide form of payment.  Then we waited....10 minutes, 20 minutes.  We were being held captive since Malee's had our cards.  When he came to us again he had some of the receipts for us to sign, but not all.  They signed and he came back and said he needed all of our cards again.  After waiting for over an hour just to close our tab out and leave, I complained to the manager and he simply brushed aside my concern. It should never take over an hour just to get your bill, pay and leave.  If the food wasn't so good, this review would have been a 1-star.
mediocre overpriced thai !  I dont know how it manages to get great reviews on yelp...strange entree pricing small and regular .... i mean c'mon basically have less and pay less.....or order our overpriced regular portion size. May be its something to do with its art dist location but we were there for dinner based on yelp reviews. Curries were nice. Steamed rice was sent away , it was cold lumpy cruchy burnt...although they got us fresh one right away as when we mentioned...overall not bad but for that price probaby expected more....
Nice to find a cool younger crowd outside of Tempe which is refreshing for a lot of places in Phx, pretty casual and hipper atmosphere which we appreciated.  Sat our party of four relatively quickly on a Saturday night though we did have reservations.  Drinks came at a standard pace and the soup we all shared initially was decent though a little thick and cheaper meat in terms of the chicken.  Entrees were a little slow to come out but not bad for a Friday night when the place was packed.  I had left it up to the waitress as to my personal order as she seemed quite knowledgeable.  Just wanted 'light and spicy.'  I eat everything so not a tall order.  Others in the group were easy as well and ordered a few specials off the menu.  My entree was an incredibly oily dish with minimal spice and some 'light' lettuce pieces on the side. Very cheap cuts of chicken, relying on oil and grease for flavor.  Everyone else also got an oily basic Americanized perversion of Thai food as well.  Totally basic and without any sort of creativity.  If you like the subpar stuff they serve at PF Chang's you won't be disappointed.  If you have ever been to a solid true Thai restaurant anywhere else in the country that isn't chain-affiliated, stay home.  I have sent maybe 5 plates back in my adult life.  I sent this back and the waitress just took it and walked off.  No 'hey would you like something else' or 'perhaps I can get the chef to come out and recommend another dish?' Nothing.  Just left and took it off the bill.  Phoenicians we need to demand better.  Our restaurants are just abysmal in terms of food in comparison to every major metropolitan area of comparable size.  If you have lived in or visited any of these areas you know what I mean. Love Phx but this is just another hyped up average girl next door.
I decided to check this place out after reading the great reviews. However, it turned out to be nothing like I thought it would. The food was moderately okay. I wasn't thrilled nor satisfied but as a quick stop for dinner, it  works.
I had high expectations for this place after seeing all the great reviews, but ended up just being OK. The food was good it was definitely not the usual Thai food. However, the service was pretty crappy and is the main reason for the 2 stars and why I probably wouldn't return. Maybe I just came on a bad night but pretty much received zero service and was forgotten most of the time there. Nice looking restaurant, OK food, horrible service.
Three times is my limit for this over hyped, over priced, non unique, and non delicious place. I don't know why so many people recommend it. Its genuinely non special and non memorable. And they charge you extra for tofu even though its replacing meat in the dish. And I got three tiny slivers of tofu in my curry last night. Boring and overpriced.
My review:  the restaurant  is pleasant, but very Americanized, probably targeted toward the tourist population.  No pix of the King and Queen, which normally would have caused me to turn around and leave, but we were starving. My companion merely wanted some Khao Pat Thai (Thai fried rice), but they didn't have it on the menu and couldn't make it.  Really, you cannot make a basic staple dish of Thailand? So he ordered Paad Thai, another staple, which should've been simple-but what he got didn't even resemble  Paad Thai, it looked like some messy noodle dish doused in BBQ sauce. How can you mess up Paad Thai?  Makes me think the cook isn't Thai.  I had duck noodle soup, which actually was quite good, so no complaints there and can recommend it.  For some reason we were served brown rice, not jasmine rice, odd.  Also ordered the summer rolls, which primarily consisted of dry rice noodles, very very bland and I don't recommend.  Overall a negative review...never had to give a Thai place a bad review...but this is not a particularly "Thai" place.   Companion's comments:   Recommended by employees of a local Asian grocery store so thought it should be decent. First indicator of bad was no picture of the Thai king in the restaurant.  I have been in Thailand and have expectations when I eat Thai food.  The  Pad Thai I had had a BBQ flavor and look to it.  By far the worst Thai food I have had. I would have done better getting an instant Thai meal at the grocery store.  The service was lame, I had to ask for a refill of water to down the BBQ flavored peppers. The waiter never came back except for the check. The bus boy paid more attention to the guests table than the waiter.  If you  are looking for the regulars found in a Thai menu, you will see a bastardized version thus westernizing the food and not particularly authentic.
Me and two girlfriends went to Malee's for lunch.  Two of us had the Pad Thai Noodles, mine was to be hot, the other medium.  First, the lunch came out before we were finished our salads.  It was not made to order. Came out way too fast.  The lunch was not even warm in temp.  I looked at the dish and thought the waitress had brought the wrong dishes.  The dish was supposed to be rice noodles, chicken, shrimp, bean sprouts and egg in sweet paprika vinaigrette.   It looked like a mushy mess of tomato paste and you could not tell one ingredient from another.   I tasted it and told my friend, there is not any hot to this dish.  Are you sure you did not get mine?   She said, no hot here either.  What a disappointment.  I had two shrimp and some chicken but they had no taste due to the extra strong red sauce.  We both left our plates unfinished.  Probably won't be going back.
I was really, really disappointed with this place. I LOVE Thai food, I would eat it every night if I could. I've been trying every Thai joint within 20 miles of my new abode, trying to find something comparable to the authentic Thai I got in Anthem (of all places). Malees was the worst strike-out of them all.  My first clue should have been when the girl asked "How spicy?"  I replied with "3", as every Thai restaurant I've been to does a scale of 1 to 5.  She responded with an awkward silence and then "... So really hot?"   No... no... just no.   We had the appetizer platter, which was 6 different things that all tasted the same, save for the crab rangoons, the crispy pla and the evil jungle princess. The fish candy was blah. The crispy pla, as someone already mentioned in another review, tasted like nothing whatsoever, and the sauce was overly sweet; I thought I'd need an insulin shot after 2 bites. The evil jungle princess is one of my favorite dishes, but this one was just not right. It was like they had dumped chili powder into it. Chili powder does not go in Thai food. Do not want. It did NOT mix in with the curry and just burned the s*** out of my tongue. The rice was also very dry.  The bill for this "Oh let's just get Thai takeout" evening came out to $49. $49 for freaking take-out for 2 people. I was kind of shell-shocked; I had added it up at home and it shouldn't have been that much.... but me not wanting to cause a scene, I just paid it. I don't know if they accidentally did "large" portions, but they looked normal sized to me.  But Jesus Christ, I can pay $25 for two people and get amaaaazing Thai food, so $49 for this lame excuse for Thai was not acceptable. Yes, I realize this is Scottsdale, and I am used to paying more for everything, but this was a whole new level... Especially knowing there is more authentic, less pricey Thai food about 3 miles south of here.
Have heard about this place for years, and finally tried it last week.   I was unimpressed; it feels at the level of the very basic Thai lunch spots in other big cities.  We got the Drunken Dragon noodles - pretty bland taste; just noodles, overcooked small bits of chicken, and some bland tomatoes.  We also had the seafood curry.  It was a decent taste, and even the calamari was fairly tender.  It was just... boring, which is not an adjective I usually think of with Thai food.    Our shumai came with a pretty one-note sugary soy sauce as a dip, as well as sriracha and a yellow mustard.   I know there are nice garlicky Thai hot sauces...I like sriracha, but just surprised I got it.  (Especially alongside some French's)  Also was surprised that medium had barely any heat, even when the waiter warned us that the curry started at an initial level that was pretty spicy.  Overall, it wasn't offensive but I will never go back.
Mediocre Thai food.  Not sure where the 4 stars came from.  We ordered their signature dishes, Crispy Basil chicken (just ok), Pad Thai (I've had better, shrimps were salty!), Calamari Salad (we barely ate it), Fried Tofu (nothing special) and Duck Curry (the worst duck curry we've ever had).   It's safe to say we won't be back.
Mediocre at best. Not Thai - Thai fusion ish (NOT THAI) made safe for Scittsdale patrons who are accustomed to slightly edgy suburban fare in an Old Town setting.  We had their specialties - the spicy fish and a chicken lettuce wrap app.  Neither was spectacular. Thick sauce, sweet/spicy (but overly sweet and not "hot" as advertised).  The fish was fried OK, but that's not rocket science.  The lines and crowds were outlandish for the quality and style of food.   Lao Thai on Scottsdale Road is a MUCH better choice for Thai food.  If you're in Old Town looking for Thai, I would not recommend this.
Doesn't taste authentic at all. Food looks amazing but lacks in flavor. Also the curry has no bamboo shoots in it which is disappointing.
The food is not that authentic. The sauces are too thick, salty and not subtle. They use the wrong white rice, short grain instead of Jasmine.
waste of money ask thai food got a chefs idea ... i guess i jus like mom and pops type of a place.... maybe i try it again but was really a high end place ... i order a soup and veggie rice and chicken basil .. the best thing was the rice liked the veggies . the other food was bad and i paid 50 for all of it ... should of went to subway
When I walked through the door and was greeted by an American staff, I knew this wasn't going to be a Thai joint. But I was hungry and we had hungry kids, so we stayed for lunch. Dishes we ordered:  1. Panang curry - the flavor was ok but it was too watery. I felt like I was having soup vs curry  2. Pad Thai - the sauce had a weird flavor that was not authentic to the phad Thai at all. I was confused eating it lol  3. Pad Kee Mao (Drunken noodles) - this is my fav noodle dish of all time. Been eating it my entire life. This was the most disappointing dish we ordered. They used pad thai noodles for the dish, and the flavoring was so off. It was like me ordering spaghetti but they served me fettuccine alfredo.   4. Sesame chicken salad with noodles. I didn't even care to try this dish. Nothing about it was Thai.   Overall, the restaurant was clean and had nice staff. However, the food is not quite Thai food. It's Americanized Asian food, that caters to the palettes of those who doesn't know authentic Thai food. Maybe I'm biased because I'm part Thai and grew up eating the real stuff all my life. But I've also had amazing Thai food all over America. The best Thai food is of course in Los Angeles Thai town. Even San Fran, NY, NC, and Portland are few cities that has my fav Thai restaurants.   Personally, today for me, I just consumed wasted calories lol. I'm still craving my drunken noodles! Once I get home from this vacay, I'm going to whoop it up in the kitchen, true Thai style, with the correct noodles.
It's PF Changs.  It's generic Americanized asian food.  What else is there to say.
Sadly, I will probably never be able to eat at this place again.  Eight hours after I ate my take-out from P.F. Chang's, I either 1) suddenly came down with the stomach flu or 2) got food poisoning.  Siu Wok is better, anyway.  :(
Scuzy waiter. Scuzy manager. Overall just a bad experience. The food was pretty awful too. I don't understand how this place is so successful! The food was either waaaay over-seasoned of severely under-seasoned. A hole in the wall Chinese restaurant can produce better Chinese food. And at cheaper prices. Search around. It'll be well worth it.
I ate here this weekend, while on a trip to AZ.  It helps to be open-minded about food on a weekend away, especially in a whitebread area like Scottsdale.  Even with the lowered expectations, however, the food here was a poor excuse for chinese food.    My friends and I ordered the following:  Chicken Lettuce Wraps, Peking Dumplings, Vegetable Dumplings, Mongolian Beef, Chang's Lemon Scallops, Buddha's Feast, and Vegetable Chow Fun.  While most of this was edible, none of it was really particularly tasty or memorable.  The Mongolian Beef was overpoweringly salty, the Lemon Scallops were okay for the first ten minutes and quickly got tiring (the fry batter was much too much and the sauce too sweet and gloopy).  The Chicken Lettuce Wraps were far and away the best out of the bunch, but even as Lettuce Wraps go, they were only so-so.  The dumplings were good, but it's pretty difficult to mess up dumplings.  The really appalling thing, and what merits the 1-star rating, is the atrocious selection available for vegetarians and vegans.  My brother is a vegan, and he ordered the Buddha's Feast.  It was described as "Veggies with five-spice tofu, steamed or stir-fried," which sounds like a normal Chinese dish.  Veggies, tofu, sauce, etc.  What came out was almost insulting.  It was a bowl of vegetables, steamed.  No sauce, no spice, nothing.  We had to ask the waitress where the tofu was.  When she pointed out some mushroom-looking things (only two or three pieces in the whole dish), we couldn't help but laugh incredulously.  I can't believe they actually offer this dish with a straight face and call it anything other than a side of steamed veggies.  Is it so demanding in this day and age to expect SOMETHING edible and delicious on the menu for vegetarians and vegans?    My poor brother then ordered the Vegetable Chow Fun (which resembled Chow Fun not-at-all) and barely touched his food.  Have these people ever had chinese food?  I suggest that the menu/recipe design team of PF Chang's take an educational trip to any Chinatown and receive some schooling.    Oh well.  Even if they DID have something satisfying for the non-meat-eaters, the place wouldn't have gotten more than 2.5 stars from me anyway.  boohiss  P.S. "I'm a chain restaurant!  Please don't hurt me!"  is no excuse for sub-par food, sorry folks.
THe food here was not good. We ordered several dishes including the dumplings, seafood, and noodles. I didnt like any of it and would definitely not go back
absolute waste of time and money. Good looking waitress but whats the use f the food takes ages to come. Taste is average and not worth the cost. Ie no value for money. Not gonna visit this one again. I can cook my own noodles at home for 1/10th the price and 200% better taste.
This place has seen better days. Wildly inconsistent service and food quality. Stick with the lettuce wraps and chicken soup as only viable options. Kid city.
Go to Pei Wei and have the same food for less money. Dry rice, too-sweet sauces, dry & flavorless beef, oversalted everything. Don't pay for it. Pei Wei is just as awful for less.
Was in town for a conference...I ordered online, my order was screwed up 2 days in a row: The 1st night they completely forgot my brown rice. The 2nd night the green beans were burned beyond recognition...What's a girl to do...at home (Chicago), I've never had a bad experience with PFC's...Oh well, u can't win 'em all~
i have been here 10+ times over the last 3 yrs normally the food is decent im part of the lunch crowd so i cant speak for dinner but my sesame chicken lunch special yesterday was mediocre half of the chicken pieces were so over cooked the were hard and dry some of the other pieces were better but not perfect ,service was good
OK, so I am a chinese food whore.  Had the best in Hong Kong, Singapore, even chinatowns in LA and NY.  But I was at the mall shopping with a friend and thought we would pop in for a cocktail and maybe a bite.  I noticed the new Dim Sum on the menu.  We ordered some dumpling and they were absolutely disgusting.  Tasted like the kind you could buy from Costco.  Don't get me wrong, the bar service was pleasant, drinks good.  But to serve these tough, mushy, way too doughy dumplings was a total insult.  Horrible is stating it nicely.
This is not the first time I've eaten at PFC, but it's the first time I've dined there and was not at all pleased with the offerings. Ok, so I went with a large group and we ordered from the prix fixe menu ($39.95 for choice of apps/entrees/dessert). Some fried rice, beef & broc, orange peel chicken. All of it was extra salty. The fried rice: zero veggies, eggs only (extra $ btw for fried sted white rice). That too was salty. I have to say that this might be a regional faux pas? Anyway, one thing to ring home about was the lettuce wraps app. Very well, done, although it was hard to recognize the chicken in it. For dessert, the Great Wall chocolate cake wasn't too bad: not so moist, but good frosting. This was meh!! I'd hit up Panda...
Found a Screw in my Rice,  Way to go on killing me. Luckily it was right on TOP and I couldnt miss it, although the waiter could.  When I pointed it out to the waiter he just said "sorry" and left.  Came back with a larger bowl of rice...... when I was done eating...  That really made up for it?  NOT!   However when I told my friends about this, one of my friends said the same thing happend to her dad at the Keirlands PF Chang location. Her dad had the metal sponge peice in his food... Thats absolutely discusting!
Waiter name Jill gave me the wrong chicken,never came back to ask for water refill
would you believe that this was my second visit to this restaurant in the last several months and was served the wrong entree both times?  The service was slow to begin with and then I had to wait again for the correct entree.  When the correct food came it was just OK.  Everything was pretty tasteless.  We will not return.
Terrible! I ordered buddha's feast and it came as a bunch of vegetables with no sauce and no moisture. Awful.
This place was so disoriented when I visited.  I went for dinner and we had to wait an hour for the food to come after we ordered from the server.  The meals all came out at different times and it was so awkward to all eat at different times.  My food was not hot at all so I had to send it back.  The waiter wasn't really giving us a good explanation of why it was taking so long and why the food didn't come out hot.  She said that the cooks don't know how to cook in the kitchen.... hmmm. The manager didn't have any idea why the kitchen was being so slow.
I just ordered the beef and broccoli along with the fried dumplings.. Can you say way over priced.. I dropped $25 on food that was not all that good.. The beef and broccoli was so sweet.. Toward the end I had to stop eating it because it was sickly sweet and felt the same about the dumplings sauce.. (Just as a rule of thumb... Don't put the sauce all over the dumplings on a take out order.. They became soggy) but why so much sugar!? I think you should scale way back, probably by 3/4ths.  Totally not worth the cost of the food.. The only bright spot was the customer service, it was excellent..
For a chain restaurant that is trying to be more upscale, the food here is average. Which I guess is saying a lot since there are not many good Chinese restaurants that I have found in the Phoenix area.  It is always overpriced and crowded.  Maybe others know something I don't.
I'll start off by saying I love P.F. Chang's.  They are one of the few corporate restaurants that consistently get it right.  That being said, I feel a bit bamboozled.    I have my favorites at every restaurant I visit.  I called in last night for my normal Pad Thai to pick up.  I never check the order because I always trust the integrity of the product.  I ordered edamame as well.    I'll set the scene.  I was so excited because I was totally craving rice noodles.  It was later in the evening.  I get settled in and ready to dish up my entree.  As I unpack my Pad Thai, my smile starts to diminish.  What's up with the noodles?!  They are all broken.  Remember when mom used to cut up your spaghetti when you were 5 years old?  Same thing.  Not a long noodle in the entire order!  It's like that sold me noodles that they over cooked and bottom of the pasta boiler.  The chef must have been off last night.  The quality was horrible. What comes to my mind next is, I hope the consistency of the dish is still intact as far as the flavor profile is concerned.  It was.  Thank goodness.  18$ for broken noodles that brought me back to being 5 and having mom cut the spaghetti.  Not priceless.  Insulting.  Watch your quality control, chefs.
Pf Chang's just can't get it right.    It took me a month to get back here.  I finally did.  Take out again as usual.  I called in.  They remembered my order, as all aloha systems do regarding takeout orders.  Fine.  Pad Thai again with a certain amount of fear because of the last experience.  Upon arrival, I choose to inspect my order.  Greeted by a nervous bartender and manager.    They both looked at me like I was violating some takeout rule.  I told them I had a bad experience last time.  I need to check the order.  I likened it to when you're slumming it and have to check your burger before you leave the drive thru.    The manager, never introduced himself, was wearing a blue and white vertical striped shirt and a black suit.    He asked me what had happened upon the last take out.  I told him the noodles were in pieces.  Chopped up.  He literally tossed a free appetizer card over the bar.  I tossed it back.  He returned the motion.  I felt like we were playing air hockey at a certain point.    You will find no personal service from this location.  While walking out, I saw a woman sleeping in a booth.  Literally, curled up.  Food still on the table.  Is she an employee?!  And if so, why is Mr. Manager allowing this impression?!! Get your shit together Pf.!!!
Nothing special. the food I thought was too greasy and its definitely not an authentic place. Only went once and not going back
Ugh, this place is terrible!  It looks good, and it smells good, but it unfailingly ALWAYS disappoints!  I seriously have not had one dish that tasted close to right.  Its salty and very flavorful, but somehow it just tastes off.  I've tried a lot of dishes here too.
Terrible.  Two people, two lunches, one appetizer. The app, crab wontons, was delivered first and had a good flavorful sweet and sour sauce that I used to flavor the rest of my food. One star for the appetizer. I see that even though you may order your food on the same ticket as your date, the food comes out one at a time. Which meant that my food was delivered and since my date and I didn't care to share dishes we both sat there awkwardly waiting for his while my food got cold.  "Spicy Korean" was neither spicy nor korean, nor did it have any flavor at all. But it had a shitload of carrots for all you rabbits out there. I find it amusing that garbage restaurants think a sprinkle of sesame seeds suddenly makes food "Korean." It doesn't and your marketing sucks.  The crowning jewel of this fiasco came down to a competition between the Dan Dan Noodles and the birds. While I was attempting to choke down my too-soft spaghetti drowned in too much sugary-sweet brown sauce, little grisly bits of chicken and a handful of bean sprouts that I tried valiantly to save with some hot sauce (and failed miserably), the birds were stalking us. One bird attempted to make his domination attempt known to the other birds by yipping at them and following them around like a nagging old wife chasing her husband with a rolling pin. This continued as they waited for us to finish our food so that we could leave so that they could attack the leftovers. I eventually gave up on my food and just stopped eating; it was that bad. By the time we were finished and standing up to leave, no less than fifteen birds were advancing toward our table. We took the dirty, food-filled plates inside to turn them in but that didn't stop the birds from descending on the table in search of any bits of missed rice that may have fallen onto the ground.
This place is like a Panera Bread or Dickey's BBQ, one of those chain restaurants where you order at the counter and they bring your food to you your table.  It's a tad bit more "upscale" than a Panda Express (I said 'tad bit') but it's stil fast food.  And it is for sure an "American" Chinese hang out.  I like the concept because it keeps costs down and you can get in and get out.... However, the food.... ohh... sooooo salty.  It's like licking a salt lick....  If you want to retain water for a good 2 days, go to this place!  I'd order the Korean beef stir fry and it was so salty, I had to drink 2 glasses of ice tea to calm myself... Now, I get to wear my fat jeans for awhile!
I've been to Pei Wei a couple of times over the last couple of weeks and probably about five times over the last year. I love the outdoor seating area and the orange slices you can put in your drink as well as the portion sizes. I also like that their dinners with a drink are about $10 dollars.   I don't like the inconsistency of their food. I had Kung Pao chicken with white rice and it tasted good, especially for ten dollars. At the next visit,  the Kung Pao chicken seemed to be overcooked and just meh. This is like free throw shooting in basketball where two out of two free throws made will win the game. Sorry, one out of two doesn't get it done for me.
Horrible service!  It took them forever to answer the phone so I could place my To Go order.  When I took my food order home, it was incorrect.  So I called the restaurant only to be put on hold for 15min, with employees picking up the line on occasion to ask me to hold longer.  When I asked for the manager I was hung up on.  After another 5min. wait back on hold, I was finally able to speak to the manager.  He was nice enough to refund the price of the entree that was incorrect, however, I would still not recommend this location.  I have been to other Pei Wei locations in the Valley with much better service.
I have eaten their food for years now at several locations.  It usually tastes the same at all. Decent  Today, my noodles were burnt. If I were to imagine what a melted plastic fork would taste like, this would be it.  I stomached thru a few bites before doing the unthinkable.  I sent it back.  If an employee had not come by my table and asked if all was good I would have finished eating and left.  The crab rangoons were good and I really like the chai vanilla tea.   My replacement meal was of the normally expected quality.   I think today they had a bad chef.  My friend that went with me said his meal sucked too.    I will eventually eat their food again but it won't be my sugestion to go.   One possibility for the bad food could be this.  Two cops (police officers) were dining there too.  Perhaps we got their meals instead.  Many fast food places have a reputation of messing w/ cops orders.   Who has seen Super Troopers???
Forget the lettuce for my to go lettuce wraps once, shame on you. Forget them twice, shame on me. The third time and Pei Wei is officially dead to me. Awful service and I was promised a credit for my jacked up un-lettuce wraps that has yet to happen. And I tried to call. Three times. And all three times some airhead hung up on me. Unacceptable. Stay away!
Epic fail for this Pei Wei. Came in 30 mins before closing to order food to go. Maybe the managers had left home because my bf saw two of the employees pick at the food that the cook was making. Health code violation for sure! Wish the employees were more cautious where they stuff their face. We didn't say anything, just took the food home. Definitely not returning to this one.
Went here for lunch on a work day. The food is good. Not fantastic just good. It's usually always busy at lunch time, so make sure to plan accordingly.   In my opinion, the staff at this location were a little on the lackluster (borderline rude) side, but honestly, what can you expect from a "fast food" Asian diner.   I ordered the crab wontons and the Thai-style lettuce wraps. The crab wontons were pretty good, but came on a plate that was drenched in sweet and sour sauce. They didn't have much crab taste to them (or much flavor at all), and were primarily cream cheese. The Thai lettuce wraps, in my opinion, are pretty sub-par to the original style, but they were still pretty decent.   When I was there, there were two employees walking around clearing dishes and bussing tables who managed to get in a little bit of a heated argument while walking around, which wasn't the greatest show to eat to. But all in all, wasn't a deal breaker.   I have more free lettuce wrap coupons, so of course I'll be back. It's a quick bite for Asian food. But if you're looking for a super quality Chinese/Asian place at really good prices, I would recommend Joyful Chinese (Mtn. View and Hayden) or Da Vang Vietnamese (19th Ave and Central)
If you ask me? I thought this was awful and the cashier was a unfriendly. The caramel chicken was ok but the brown rice did not taste done to me..overall it's a nice comfortable setting.
Terrible.  My wife and I went there early afternoon on Thursday.  First, the counter attendant commits the ultimate faux pas:  "Are you together?"  Well duh, it's 2010.  Two wedding bands, my wife has lineage from Germany and Sweden and me, somewhere in N. Africa, but at least greet me before telling me that my wife of 10 years and I don't look like a couple.  Next, the food was miserable.  I had an "Orange Peel Beef" and the dish felt like someone breaded beef jerky, fried it hard and poured a bottle of mystery sauce over it.  All of the chili sauce at Pei Wei's couldn't save the dish.   Any vegetables in the dish had the consistency of something unpacked out of the freezer and dumped right in the deep fat fryer.    Again, I ask myself, why in the world can't we get at least basically edible Chinese in Arizona?  My wife, or colleague as the front counter attendant assumed, ordered some chicken dish.  Again, over-breaded, had the taste and consistency of an order of McDonalds McNuggets drenched in a tub of sweet 'n sour sauce and poured over white rice.  This was literally the first time we went back to our home and dug out leftovers after spending almost $30 on lunch.    Literally, my best experience about our meal at Pei Wei was the drive home.  Three of three strikes, shame on us for giving it another shot.  Pei Wei was awesome about three years ago, but now it's to the level of Paradise Valley Mall food court and that sucks.  This place needs an enormous amount of customer service training and at least a weekend "food stand-down" and retraining of the chef's.  I was HEAVILY disappointed.  Again.
Terrible food, terrible service.  I ordered chicken fried rice. The waiter brings me a bowl and says, "chicken fried rice, right?" I look into the bowl and it's a bowl of brown rice. This must be a joke. I tell him that's wrong, and next me brings me a bowl of rice, seemingly fried?, with vegetables and no chicken. I bring that back to the counter and say my order had chicken in it, bringing my receipt along. So finally, they bring me a bowl of chicken fried rice.  Or at least their version of it.  I didn't think it was possible to actually screw up something as simple as chicken fried rice. The rice itself was cheap long grain rice. It was inedible due to the how stale/hard it was. Like absolutely no water absorption. And the rice was all covered in something that made it very wet and practically slimy. Disgusting. I have no idea how people can eat this.  Oh, and that server who brought me the brown rice and claimed it was fried rice tried to bring lettuce wraps to the table next to me saying it was their salad. There's a nice picture on the wall which shows you what the salad is supposed to look like, and it's not lettuce wraps.  The best thing about my meal was the fountain drink, which cost $1.85. The Circle K in the same plaza has bigger cups for 99 cents.
We ordered the shrimp lo mein and beef and vegetable dish. The lo mein has horrible, bland, no flavor even with extra sauce. The vegetables with the beef were raw. I never had such bad food at any other pei wei before
Why, oh why, do I aways give a Pei Wei another try?  Probably because the prices aren't bad, the menu looks like it should be excellent, and the quality of the food isn't that bad considering the restaurant is quick service.  But, having said that, I never leave a Pei Wei fully satisfied, and this location is no exception.  My girlfriend and I both ordered off the "Low Fare Dinner Menu."  To make a long story short; you can save a few dollars by getting less of the protein, more rice than I can eat, and a small side.  I had Honey Chicken with brown rice and a spring roll.  My girlfriend had Mongolian Chicken with brown rice and a spring roll.  It should be hard to complain for just $6.25 each, but the food wasn't very good.  The Honey Chicken (which was quite flavorful) only came with five or six bite sized pieces of chicken, and the Mongolian Chicken was so over sauced that the rest of plate had no other taste.  The spring roll wasn't anything that couldn't be microwaved from out of our freezer, and I got bored of the rice.  The only saving grace to this meal was spending less than $20.00 on dinner for two.
It was our first experience at this chain and will be our last.  We only went there in the first place because we were real hungry and had limited choices in this shopping center.  Nothing came close to tasting anything like Chinese food. It's just gross.  We can't figure out why so many of these places exist and why anyone would want to eat at one.
FOOD: I am not a vegetarian or vegan, so maybe I do not have the mindset to appreciate this place. Establishing a vegetarian restaurant is a good idea, there are plenty of vegetarians. But why is everything on their menu a mock of regular, meaty foods? Damn it, if I'm going out to eat vegan, I want dishes with REAL veggie dishes proud of being vegan, not this mock meat/cheese crap. It's like the restaurant is saying, "We are vegen and we know it sucks, so we're gonna try to re-create all your favorite meat dishes!" No thanks, I know there are good vegetarian dishes out there and if I want a pizza, I'll get a real pizza with real cheese! I guess this place is marketing solely to vegetarians and not regular omnivores. The pizza was horrible, and the ice cream was not the best I've had. Not good vegetarian food!  PRICE: Way too expensive for what you get. I don't remember the exact prices, but I remember questioning myself, "Why did I pay that much for this? It has no high-priced meat in it!"   ATMOSPHERE: Laid back place perfect for a college crowd. Easily sits large groups.   SKINNY: If you want vegetarian food, my suggestion is to get Muslim or Indian veggie dishes. They are actually tasty. GREEN offers some self-ashamed vegan cuisine that only reminds you h ow much you enjoy meat and cheese.
I never thought it was possible to get CRS (Chinese restaurant syndrome) at a vegetarian restaurant.  I can't believe I brought my family including one vegan visiting from LA to Green.  There was no skill or sense in the balance of flavors in any of the dishes.  Obviously whoever made the food does not eat it themselves.  All the dishes were overwhemingly drenched in sauce assaulting the taste buds with either saltiness or sourness.    The wings were incredibly sour and then when you dip them into the ranch sauce it becomes unbearably salty as well.  Thank goodness for the celery sticks.    The salad contained hardly any figs which we really had to dig for to find two small pieces.  And the balsamic was really sour.  In smaller amounts it would probably have tasted fine.  The apricot miso bowl was really sour again.  And for a vegetarian restaurant, it would've been nice to see more vegetables.  We wish all the sauces came on the side so that we could actually have tasted the other components of the dishes.   The Texas portabello po-boy was also over-sauced.  The only redeeming part of it was the tahini coleslaw.  That was nice and crunchy and properly seasoned.  It seems to me that the chef needs to check in on the kitchen or taste his food more often.
I need to deduct another star for their use of styrofoam cups.  Green definitely it's not.
I'm glad I read the not-so-great reviews before going here. I was expecting it to be a healthy vegan restaurant. It's definitely not that. The place is cool on the inside, trendy with some interesting decor. You order at the counter and they bring your food out to you. I do have to admit, for a restaurant that calls itself "Green" I was disappointed to only see styrofoam and plastic cups. Booo!  I got the samosas as a starter. They were a little spicy but waaaay too garlicky. I love garlic like no other but the amount they put in there made it taste like fried spicy garlic cloves. No thanks. The dipping sauce was too sweet too. For $4.50 it was a disappointment.  I also got the diablo red with mock chicken and brown rice. The rice was good but everything else was SOOOOOOOO SALTY, oh my god. Major turn-off #1. Hint- Just cuz it has Tamari as an ingredient doesn't mean you have to drown the "meat" and veggies in it. My friend had the sweet and sour mock chicken. She liked it but the noodles didn't look pan fried at all. That's just ghetto if you ask me. Maybe I was seeing things (and that's very possible, don't quote me on it) but they just looked like boiled rice noodles thrown on there.  Overall, I've made better vegan food at home. I may give it another try though, get something else and see if it's less salty/garlicky/sweet.
Hubby has been eating mostly vegetarian lately, so we decided to check out Green. I don't think we'll go back.   Everything we ate, we could get better elsewhere. Hubby's pad-thai-ish dish was pretty good, with noodles, a zippy sauce, and big crunchy veggies. All of which makes the nastiness of the egg(less) rolls even more inexplicable. They were positively mushy inside, and had both hot and cold spots. Maybe it's just me, but I like some texture and identifiable ingredients in my egg rolls. They were also weirdly spiced and arrived without the dipping sauce advertised in the menu. The busser admitted they were made ahead of time, which certainly doesn't help matters. He didn't seem to care that we thought they were bad- he just shrugged and said, "Well SOME people don't like them." Well, I guess we're SOME people then. We also tried the much praised pseudo crab puffs, and they were pretty good, especially with the dipping sauce that managed to come out with this plate. Hubby also had to have the soy "blizzard". He liked it, and I thought the taste was fine initially, but then had an aftertaste I didn't care for.   The atmosphere is clearly meant for hipster youngsters. The lighting was so low that I literally had a hard time reading the white on black menu. Seriously, Green. Have some consideration for your clientele over 20.   The last thing that left a negative impression was some of the staff. As we finished our meal, they were starting to close. Hubby went up to the counter to order his soy "blizzard" and the too-cool-for-the-rest-of-us young man behind the counter had to ask a co-worker if they were still making them. Um, if you still have customers in the restaurant, I would imagine you should still be making them. It's not like we were in there for a half hour past closing, and there were still many customers in the place.   One last observation: what's up with all the vegetarian and vegan smokers clogging the entrance? God forbid there be any animal products in your bodies, but bring on the tar and chemicals!?! As someone who quit smoking after many years, I would appreciate it if Green would insist that their customers observe the keep-it-20-feet-from-the-entrance ordinance.
TERRIBLE! Everything was either fried or so salty I could not even eat it. The atmosphere was nice, laid back and stylish but the food was not good. I got the tofu with veggies and brown rice and it was so salty I could even take more than 2 bites. We also the hummus and pita as an appetizer. The pita chips were FRIED and so greasy! I left with a stomach ache. Very disappointed. I came all the way from the bay area to try this place and will not recommend to vegan friends or anyone else. Sorry guys! Need to go with fresh local produce menu and help make vegans proud... help all people  eat healthy...not stuff them with fried processed food that will contribute to America's obesity problem. Good luck!
I've been Vegan for over 10 years. I've eaten in many restaurants, Vegan and otherwise.  Never before have I been so disgusted.  Giving Green the title of "Restaurant" is giving it too much class. IMO, "Diner" would even be a struggle.  1. Waited in line 20 minutes to place order.  2. No wait staff.  3. Bus your own table.  4. Wade through tables of dining patrons to place order. Good thing for them I wasn't in the mood to cough or sneeze.  5. Decor leaves much to be desired. Is this a "restaurant" or the remains of a flooded frat-house basement? Unable to find a chair that wasn't ripped in the seat. Not sitting on a stained yard sale couch on a splintery plywood riser.  6. Ordered food and noticed kitchen staff did not wear gloves. Talked on cordless phone and handled money while preparing food, then did not wash hands.  How clean is that phone? How clean is cash? Lick those coins you just took from the guy 10+ days without a shower and tell me.   7. Place is DIRTY!  8. Appearance of food was disappointing. The Vegan pizza I make at home from scratch looks better. Why would I pay for a pita smeared with sauce, with 3 leathery, waxy slices of sweating cheese, when the Vegan cheese I use at home actually melts? People are dumb enough to pay for this?   9. Buffalo Wings or Wads? Unidentifiable "wads" of fibrous matter. Sauce reeked of vinegar and nothing else.  10. Took 2 requests and got a huff in response when staff was asked to wipe the remnants of the last diner's meal off of our rocking table.  After reading the RAVE reviews online, I was sorry I made the 84 minute drive to reach Green. I'm even more sorry I brought people with me. Now they have the connotation that being Vegan means this is acceptable for an eating establishment and all Vegan food is junk food garbage.   Green's website touts itself like it is comparable with "real" restaurants like Millennium. Not even close. Millennium makes Green look like a third world hot dog cart. Green's success lies in the adage that some people will eat ANYTHING.   I stared at my baskets and plate of food for about 20 minutes while my guests ate. The A/C kicked on and fine particles of something rained down on our table. Mold? Dust? Skin flakes from everyone waiting to order? Who knows. It was probably dirt.  As for the flavors of the food, consistency, texture, etc., I don't know.  My food went untouched, into the trash. Seemed fitting.  No thanks! I'm not eating here!  Green needs to focus on being a great restaurant that just happens to be Vegan, not be so caught up in being Vegan that the restaurant is what it is........a dump.  If you like your restaurants "crunchy", this is the place for you.   After reading the health inspections for Green online, I will never go back. WASH YOUR HANDS!
I've visited Green on many occasions, and personally I am never over impressed.  The bbq pizza is horrid, the soyami's taste like chalk and the chicken po- boy is just okay.  The upside to this restaurant is the quaint decor and it's lovely charm.  Bring back veggie fun.
OK so this is my first review in a very long time, but I just can't keep quiet any longer. My husband is a big yelper but sometimes he does not tell the whole "truth".  So the other night, my Husband decided we should try something totally different and go "Green". I love trying new places, I was down for the challenge. As usual, I went onto to YELP and looked at reviews. They were pretty positive, so it was a go.  Well first of all I think people are just not honest. The ONLY reason to go to this restautant is if you are a vegan otherwise stay away.   First of all, we walk in and it is chaos. A nice sign indicating please seat yourself or order at counter would be very helpful. So we look over the menu. I have to admit the idea of "mock" meat just does not sound good.  Now don't get me wrong I go vegetarian all the time at restaurants. I have to admit that Chelsea's Kitchen makes an excellent black bean burger. Anyways, we start off with mock chicken wings, I would be lieing if I did not tell you I think I might have vomited a little in my mouth. So gross.   Next, we try some artichoke dip, that was actually good because it was semi normal. I order the veggie burger. I have eaten plenty of boca burgers in  my day, but this was just gross. WHen I order a veggie burger I don't need it to look like an actual burger patty. It was pink inside. Again, I could not even eat it, I thought I was going to be sick. If I wanted to get an actual burger, I would have gone to LGO and gotten a burger.  Needless to say, I will not be going back. Just riddle me this, if you don't eat me then why do you insist in making your food appear as meat??? I don't like tuna fish, and the last thing I would want is my steak to look and smell like tuna fish!!
If your goal is to eat stuff, but avoid a place that serves meat, then this is your spot.  However, if you seek decent food that holds up to comparison with actual restaurants rather than your high school cafeteria, then you may be disappointed.  This is truly mediocre, yet totally veg, fare.
The place has a nice little vibe going on and they have some unique items but the reason the rating is so low is that there really aren't a lot of options that don't involve faux meat.  Aren't these people vegan?  Don't they hate the idea of poor little animals being our food (even though that is the only reason they are alive)?  Then why so much FAKE MEAT?!    I will never understand the meat envy vegans and vegetarians have.  I go to a place like this to get a dish that uses vegetables in more creative ways, not to get some overly processed soy products that aren't nearly as healthy as fresh lean meats like chicken and fish.  FYI, I love meat but every once in a while I like to grab a vegetarian dish.    Another negative is nearly everything is fried.  Guess they bust the myth that people are vegan because it is healthier.  Frying things is the cheap way out of actually creating a healthy AND tasty meal.    I'll give them a 2.5 star because what we chose was quite tasty.  But with nearly every option involving faux meat and tofu it really is a disappointment.  If you want legitimate vegan fare try out some indian places or Ethiopian places.  They are very creative and using spices to flavor a vegetable dish. The fake cheeses and meats are for Vegans with meat envy, not for Omnivores that just want a good meal.  Keep your expectations in check and you should be okay.
Wow, this is my 3rd time trying to post a review, and each time it has been erased when I go to press submit....  I came here based on the awesome yelp reviews and was VERY disappointed. The food was awful. I am not vegetarian nor vegan so I am not knowledgeable in appreciating good mock meat, but I CAN differentiate between tasty and unappetizing.  Artichoke Dip was watery and looked like light grey/brown colored gunk.  I got the Thai Peanut Noodle Bowl with tofu and was only able to take a couple bites because it really tasted awful. I typically really like eating tofu too. Please believe me in that I am not a picky eater and it is very rare for me to dislike a restaurant meal.  My boyfriend got a mock beef dish that had this underlying soy flavor. One plus about both our entrees was the amount of veggies in our dishes, but we couldn't even pick out the vegetables because of that strong background taste that lingered on our tongues.
How they make those meatless chocolate chip cookies will always amaze me!!!   Well maybe I came in with high expectations and that led to disappointment...But seriously if I want meatballs...I shouldn't be a vegetarian...so why would I want "mock balls"...they were strange...I couldn't get the taste out of my mouth...The gratin dip was this liquidy green goo to be eaten with corn chips...disgusting...crab puffs...who needs pho-crab...how about a pizza that has fake cheese on it?  It was so doughy and odd...kinda like something at a school cafeteria...how is this so natural and green...fake things that are supposed to be like the real thing...how about just some great tasting food that doesn't include animal products?  Believe me no animals were harmed in creating this meal...unless someone brings home a doggy bag for Rover!!!  Ugh...I'm still feeling green from this meal!  This is a slap in the face to vegans...vegan food should be tasty and fresh...not contrived!  It's time to shine the light on this "Emperor's Clothes"!   I like the idea of a vegan restaurant...but I prefer the idea of great tasting food!
I had a date here last weekend. We ordered the green hummus, which was pretty good. I had the green burger which I thought was just ok, I've had much better veggie burgers before. My date (a vegetarian) had the pizza, which she didn't like at all, I think the mock cheese had something to do with it.   The location is in a strip mall, which wasn't that great, and the ambiance in the restaurant seemed very eclectic (not in a good way).    All and all I'd say I much prefer other semi-vegetarian restaurants, such as Pita Jungle, over this place.
I should like Green. I have been a vegetarian for over ten years and I really like when I can go to a restaurant and eat whatever I want. I like the concept of Green, but after two tries, I can say with full confidence that I do not like Green.  Atmosphere: I have no problem with the heavy hipster vibe. In fact, it reminds me of home (ATX is a hipster Mecca during South by) and boyfriend and I make jokes about the decor while standing in line. What I dislike is the "I don't give a damn" attitude from the staff behind the counter. The first time we went to Green, I asked the guy behind the counter for a recommendation between two items. He scoffed at me: "I guess if I *had* to pick, I would go with the sweet and sour." Wow. The second time, the girl behind the counter could not be bothered to greet us. She was too busy talking to the other girl behind the counter. When she finally saw that we weren't leaving, she took our order as if it was some great inconvenience to her. Sorry, dear. (Don't worry, I will not be back.)   Food: Boyfriend and I hated the food we have gotten here. First time: He ordered the greenza flatbread pizza and I ordered the sweet and sour. The pizza was an inedible mess of waxy "cheese", soggy bread, and pesto. He ate two bites and pushed it away. I mostly liked my sweet and sour except for the fact it was drenched in the sweet and sour sauce. (Dear Green, I *like* the taste of vegetables and tofu, you do not have to hide those things from me. Sincerely, Liz) Second time: I ordered the No Harm Chickn Parm. I can say that the bread was good, but it's a bit too hard to mess up bread that you buy from a third party. The chickn was inedible. It tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency. I do not understand how some Yelpers said this was the best mock chicken they have ever eaten. Boca and Morning Star Farms are infinitely better (and cheaper). Boyfriend got the green hummus. He said it was good. Not worth $4, but good. The pita chips were over-fried--almost burnt. Icky.   Other:  1. The drinks are meh at best. All the drinks in the refrigerated case can be bought at Fry's or Whole Foods. Please do not waste your money.    2. There are not enough tables for the amount of people. I guess Green is to be treated like a coffee shop, not a restaurant. Plop down, claim your table, eat some noms, and surf the web. Do not leave for hours! I guess this is nice for some people, but it is impossible to get a table at dinner time. FYI  3. No AC in the "restaurant" during the summer. Unacceptable.   TL;DR: Waxy "cheese", too much sauce, inedible mock meats. Don't go.
The one lonely star is for the ambiance and decor, which I did find appealing.  We ordered a pizza and KP noodle bowl. I got my noodles quickly and actually finished the dish before we realized that the pizza had not arrived. Went up to the counter to find out that the cook had burned the pizza and had not started another one, so we went ahead and ordered another noodle dish. 20 minutes later they brought the wrong dish with ingredients specifically asked not to include. The manager gave us 3 dollars back as the pizza was actually $5 more and did apologize, but by then we where to tired to ask for a full refund.
The food is pretty good, especially good for vegan fare, they've got a decent gluten free menu set up too!  Problems are in the service, since the start of summer 2011 it has gone way downhill. Today I waited for 35 min for my food, had other people who ordered after me served, then when they finally noticed me, they came over and told me to come up and ask if my food is taking too long. Isn't that their job to serve in a timely manner? Since when do I pay $10 for $4 worth of food to not get served?  On top of it, they screwed up my order, I had to go back in and get it fixed (more waiting time). Being late, being stupid, and being wrong? Three strikes in one visit - this place is done.   I won't be going back.
I was really happy to find another vegetarian restaurant in the Phoenix area.  My wife and I enjoy Loving Hut, but it's always nice to find more variety.  We entered Green with high expectations considering the good reviews we saw here on Yelp.  I ordered a veggie burger (of course), my wife got a meatball po' boy, and my daughter got a rice bowl of some type.  There were also some appetizers such as egg(less) rolls, and their chili fries.  Chili fries--I looked forward with great anticipation to these, and it looks like I expected too much.  What passes for "chili fries" here are shoestring potatoes lightly sprinkled with thyme (not bad in themselves) which are then covered with a concoction of what appears to be Morningstar Farms veggie crumbles mixed with tomato sauce and one or two spices which I couldn't identify.  It was really not all that good.  It tasted like someone was trying to doctor up veggie crumbles and really didn't know how.  I'll say this much--it wasn't "chili" in any capacity that I would recognize.  In terms of the burger, I think that, at least at first, they did a good job of masking the blandness of the the red bean patty at the center.  The presentation and appearance was pretty nice.  However, by the time I took my last few bites, I was needing to wash it down with my Diet Coke.  Again, it was a not very successful attempt to make a meatless food attractive, hip, and tasty.  You can do it if you know how.  I'm not sure if the folks in the kitchen at Green really have a handle on it.  My wife's po'boy was a similar story.  Again, looked like Morningstar Farms meatless meatballs.  They put them in a bun with "mum's sauce" and soy cheese.  I tried a bite.  Tasted like a meatless meatball coated in ketchup on a bun.  The egg(less) rolls were. . .okay.  Again, there was something missing in the flavor.  The atmosphere was "hip" and cool.  The bathrooms were actually really neat looking.  Service was friendly and helpful.  The food was eh.  Don't be fooled into thinking that because they put up this big presentation and say with fanfare "WE'RE VEGAN!" means that the food here is good.  It's really mediocre and the only thing preventing it from being one star in my opinion is the work that they put into decor, atmosphere, and service.  If you want to come here with a friend, share a basket of thyme fries or a dessert, you probably won't be disappointed.  If you want a great meatless meal in the Phoenix area, however, the Supreme Master Ching-Hai has the lock on it.
I think this place is OK. I believe most people who like it are new to vegitarian-vegan items.
After living near Austin and sampling the city's wide array of vegan spots, perhaps my expectations are too high - but everything I have tried at Green has just been "meh."  This is vegan junk food, but it isn't remarkable.  The predominant flavors are salt and oil.   Much of the stuff reminds of foods I would make at home with prepackaged ingredients (especially when tipsy), and it's not the quality you would expect from a highly rated restaurant.   I enjoy pigging out on salty fats as much as the next person (just check out my blood pressure), but I expect more interesting flavors, textures, menu offerings from a vegan restaurant.  And...no beer to wash down the grease?  No!!  However, if you want to have a good vegan 'greasy spoon' moment, there's slim pickings around here.  So I have been here several times, and have concluded that the best things on the menus are the fries, buffalo chicken, and salads.  STARTERS  Chili Fries - Mushy, greasy, soggy.  The sauce tasted sweet and somewhat ketchupy, with rubbery soy crumbles.  So salty my mouth burned.  I still finished the plate, though.  Crab puffs - Again, a bit greasy, but that's to be expected.  You can't really *not* enjoy the taste of salt and grease.  Samosas - Dry/crumbly inside and not as flavorful as I had hoped for.  Nothing that could compete with an Indian restaurant's offerings.  Hummus - I found the hummus bland and the pita dippers almost institutional.  One item on the menu that isn't soaked in grease, and it's flavorless - really illustrates how much Green relies on salt/fat to season.  Eggless rolls - Nothing special.  You could get these anywhere.  ENTREES  Ranchero salad - I enjoyed the vegan ranch dressing and the combo of chicken texture with the salad greens.  The buffalo wings had a good meatiness and an excellent sweetish vinegary sauce.  Not a healthy salad at all, but tasty.  Meatball po-boy - I ate the whole thing, but it isn't remarkable.  Plain white sub bread (perhaps a bit stale), standard tomato sauce, and what seemed like premade (not house-made) soy meatballs.  Similar to a bag of Veggie Patch or Nathans.  A generous smear of vegan cheese.  Mexicali Burger - Ew.  I couldn't finish this.  The patty was bland, mushy, wet, and had the consistency of pre-chewed bread bits.  No thanks.  Perhaps if they cooked it longer and crisped the outside, it would be better.  The "nacho cheese" sauce was just as offensive.  Green Burger - I tried a bite of my dining companion's.  Soggy again, and she did not finish hers either.  Please, Green - change the burger recipe and preparation.  A vegan joint *needs* to have the veggie burger mastered!  SIDES  Tahini Coleslaw - You wouldn't expect something with tahini to be so bland, but this stuff is.  I am generally a coleslaw fan, but this stuff is just not restaurant-quality.  Pasta salad - Bland.  Sigh...  Shoestring thyme fries - Crispy, thin, delicious.
I haven't anything here that didn't upset my carnivorous stomach... which makes me sad cause I love to explore all kinds of food. That's the ONLY reason the rating is so low. I loved the Po boy they have and enjoyed their drink station and vibe. I like that local artist are welcome to sell and post their work and it all fits. I tried the steak and mushroom sandwich and hated it... forcing it down with a really good iced coffee. Can't really mod the coffee at all but it was good and I hope I will find something that I love.
I feel like they're trying to compete with McDonald's or something with the new menu. The burgers are thin, full of mostly bread, and have too much sauce. I'm afraid the changes are not a move in a good direction. The Green Burger was good, healthy, and loved. Why get rid of it? I'm sad as I'm going to miss this place. Just can't eat this stuff anymore. :-(
I appreciate the authentic taste of my veggies so I was disappointed (three times in a row) with the food being so damn salty.  Perhaps this is their way of enticing tofu-fearing peeps by loading every dish with an abundant amount of soy sauce.  It was almost as bad as tasting ocean water.  Every bite was overwhelmingly unbearable.  If salty sea water is your thing, then this is your place to indulge.  The best thing about Green is the "soy-based" ice cream: but that's probably because it wasn't so salty as the rest of the menu.  Oh, and the food gave my friend the terrible runs.  Ouch! Something to consider if you're not into "mock meat".
My husband and I are vegetarians, and make a point of eating at local veg establishments when we travel. I was very excited when I saw the website for Green...it really looked intriguing.   We've been fortunate to have been able to dine in a lot of really, really, good vegan establishments, so we have pretty high expectations. The days when "vegan" meant "bland," "underseasoned," "hippy" cuisine are long past, or so we thought. I guess there are still some places out there that are stuck in the 70s...definitely Green fits that description.  I was a bit taken aback, after looking at the website and reading about "Chef Damon's" vision, to find myself in a tiny hole in the wall waiting in line for counter service, though I could have gotten past that had the food been stellar. I was further taken aback to discover that the place apparently doesn't have a liquor license...the only drink alternatives were bottled and cannned sodas from the cooler and a couple of fruity iced teas.  Still, if the food had been good...  I ordered something that isn't on the on-line menu. It was described as blackened faux chicken in a grilled pita with lettuce, tomato, and tahini. My husband ordered the Argentine Po'Boy with Thyme Fries. We also ordered some samosas to share. We both, reluctantly, grabbed bottled drinks from the cooler.  Almost immediately after we'd sat down, my sandwich and the order of samosas came out of the kitchen. We waited for a bit, thinking that surely my husband's sandwich would be along shortly, but after several minutes of waiting, tucked into the samosas. They were OK...not bad; nothing to write home about. To be honest, they tasted as if they'd come out of a freezer box. Any Indian restaurant can do them better, and if you don't absolutely have to be dairy free, that's where I'd recommend you go, if samosas are what you're craving.  The samosas consumed, we sat, and sat some more. My husband finally urged me to get started on my sandwich, which was rapidly cooling, and we both tried a bite of the faux chicken. It was, I have to say, really unpleasant. There was no sign of any blackening seasonings having been used...no sign of any seasoning at all, really. It had an oddly fishy taste to it (too much seaweed in the kombu, maybe?), and was much tougher than most chicken analogs. The pita (which was actually flatbread) didn't appear to have been grilled at all...it was dried out to the point of being crunchy, and there were no grill marks on it at all. The only real flavor in the sandwich (other than the odd, fishy, taste of the analog) came from the tahini. I finally gave up on the whole thing as not being worth the effort of chewing.  My husband's sandwich finally came out, well after I'd given up on mine. I took a bite of the faux beef, and it was OK. It reminded me of the faux beef strips you can buy at Trader Joes. The fries that came with were nicely crispy (shoestring style), but there was not even a hint of thyme about them. They'd do best to just call them "French Fries" and have done with it.  My take? If you're a vegetarian, you'd do better to eat at Lalibela. If you're a vegan...well, this place will keep you alive, but you'll pay more than it's worth and, if you're familiar with really good vegan cuisine, you won't be happy with it. If this is the best Scottsdale has to offer vegans, you're better off cooking at home.
We were very excited to try Green since there aren't very many vegan restaurants around the Valley.  Unfortunately, we were highly disappointed!  Because so many people in reviews raved about the hot wings we decided we had to give them a try.  We neither one could eat them, they were hard and dry with very little taste to them.  We also tried the eggless rolls which were ok however very greasy.  We were surprised to have the BBQ bacon burger that we shared come out with a white bun instead of whole wheat.  I don't understand why the Chef/Owner quit with the healthy aspect of a vegetarian/vegan menu and put in a processed white flour bun!  I realize there are vegans who do eat gluten products, however there are those of us who prefer to eat gluten free.  I have never written a bad reveiw of a restaurant before so I feel very bad about this, but I felt I needed to.
Food was very good.  Customer service was TERRIBLE!!  No one person even said HELLO, or made us feel welcomed with ever a smile.
First: The food tastes all right, albeit very salty. However, after eating here for some time I had to stop. Unsure if it's the salt content or the amount of processed ingredients, but I feel terrible after eating here.  Which is sad, because I have a soft spot for the po'boy.  Sum up: if you don't mind indulging in junk food that's still vegan, this is a good place. It's convenient, it's fast, and it's pretty relaxed.  But if you're looking for something nutritious and clean, there are other places.
I tried it again, trying to see if anything positive had changed in the months since I had been here last. I tried the Calexico burger. Again, terribly thin, seemingly artificially processed patties (though there was two) slathered in sauce and a bun. No texture, just a mushy mess. Three redeeming values remain: the thyme fries are amazing, they remember your name and seem to have stepped up customer service and attention, and the Tsoynamis are delicious. I'm afraid this is the last lunch I will be enjoying here unless I hear they decide to stop competing with is loosely termed "food" at McDonald's.
Um...I am confused with all the great reviews. Granted I am from Richmond, Va where lots of restaurants do vegan/vegetarian, and they do it really, really well.   This place is quasi-vegetarian foods. It's just mock meats...where are the black bean burgers, the lentil burgers, the wholesome vegetables?!?! Wah. I was really disappointed. This is definitely a place to ease people into vegetarianism.   I got the blackened jerk chicken pita (it wasn't spicy....?) and my boyfriend got the chicken parm (obviously not real chicken on either). Both were valiant attempts. They still failed. The fries were good, though.   I would give it only 1 star, but we did go at 8:15 pm and they close at 9. I want to give them the benefit of the doubt....  The service was also really bad. Lady didn't look at us while we ordered (her eyes were wandering around), the bathrooms are outside with no signage, and I guess you are supposed to assume you order at the counter?   I am not trying to make this overly-critical, but this place could do A LOT better in many ways. I probably won't go back unfortunately; too bad, I was looking forward to this!
Don't know why this place has so much hype. We ordered the buffalo chicken wings, big whac(aka Big Mac except that it's vegan ) and Singapore orange noodle bowl.  Unfortunately the food was not so tasty and the bowl was toooo salty. The big whac was not delicious and the wings were decent. The place is cool and it looked as though the desserts were tasty.
I love vegetarian meals, love Thai food, love flavor, so after my daughter recommended Greens and I found myself in the area, my husband, son and I stopped in. My son loved his veggie burger, my husband got something which was supposed to be spicy  veggies and rice noodles, while I got curry/ coconut veggies, rice noodles and mock chicken. My husband and I were only able to tell which bowl was which by the mock chicken in mine. There was absolutely no difference in the flavor between the 2 bowls. I told the waitress that there was no flavor in either, and she just shrugged and said "it depends on who's cooking on how it tastes." I told her that mine had NO  flavor, that if I closed my eyes and had a spoonful, I couldn't tell if I was eating a piece of broccoli or the mock chicken, and there was not even a hint of coconut or curry. She just said "sorry about that" and walked off. For $10 a bowl, it was definitely a disappointing meal.
If you like fancy rubber this place is awesome! I even got some soy ice cream (which normally I am a huge fan of) and it tastes like mud pies after a rainy day near a sewer.
I have been eating at Green since they initially opened their first location in Tempe. I have always been blown away by the food and my experience with the service there has always been a positive one. However, when I dined in with my boyfriend the night of July 2nd I cannot say that we experienced the same Green that we know and love. Being that we live in Flagstaff now Green is our special treat that we make a point to go to whenever we're down in the Valley. This amounts to about two visits per year. We arrived at Green to find it packed which is no surprise, ordered two baskets of hot wings and two Big Wacs. The counter girl was incredible grumpy, rude, and cold but we left a generous tip anyway being that my boyfriend also works in food service. Upon receiving our wings baskets we were disappointed to find that what is normally a heaping pile of wings was not so heaping; in fact we received only 5 wings each. We asked the staff about it and the girl disinterestedly told us the wings are done by weight so some might be larger and some smaller. I find it hard to believe they've always done it this way since there was a HUGE difference between the amount of wings we've received in the past and the amount we received then. My boyfriend became irritated and the poor service we received because he works in a very high end restaurant where, should any guest complain about anything, the kitchen would be sending them out loads of free food to make up for the experience. After encountering several more disinterested, bored, unhelpful hipster employees who probably only got hired because of their "edgy" haircuts, we regretted leaving such a large tip. Needless to say we will unfortunately not being ordering our favorite appetizer ever again because the value of the item is so poor. What happened Green?
When I walked in the door and saw that the Pizza Oven was one of those conveyor belt ovens I should have gone with my gut feeling and walked away. A real Chicago Pizza is made in an oven with a stone shelf and you need either a pan or peel to get it in and out of the oven.  The hype on the website talks about how the owners wanted to bring Chicago pizza to Phoenix. I have never had Pizza like this in Chicago.   Was it better than Pizza Hut or Barro's? Yes. Was it better than Oregano's or Rosati's. No!  We first ordered an Anti-Pasto Salad with mixed greens. It was a bed of lettuce and spinach with some Italian Meats and Cheeses. Lots of sliced Green and Black Olives and a couple of Peperoncini. Not impressed. Oregano's wins this one hands down.  The pizza. We ordered a Peperoni, Mushroom and Black Olive Pizza. The most notable thing was that the sauce was very sweet, too sweet. Now I've had a sweet sauce ad liked it but this one was overpowering. I prefer a more tart sauce with a more oregano and basil flavor with some spice.  The cheese was good but the mushrooms were canned. The crust was more like a biscuit dough and it was more buttery and flaky than crispy.  If you want a Thin Crust Chicago Pizza with a slightly sweet sauce I would recommend Johnie"s Chicago Pizza on Cave Creek.  Spinato's has Coke and Johnie's has Pepsi and I would go to Johnie's anytime even though he has Pepsi.   To say the least I was very disappointed with Spinato's when there is an Oregano's less than 3 miles away.  One other thing. I ordered my son a Kids Pizza, Drink Dessert and instead of giving me the Kids price they charged me the separate price because they did not see me order it off the kids menu. I asked WTF and they did adjust it when I complained.  To give you an idea of the Chicago Pizza I like for those of you from Chicago to rate my taste here they are. Lou Malnati's or Original Due's Barnaby's. Village Inn, Home Run Inn. Edwardo's, Bacino's. Gigo's Evanston.   In Chicago Rosati's would barely make my list but in Phoenix it's near the top, only second to Oregano's. I do not like anybody's Pan Pizza in Phoenix.  I did forget one thing that was actually very good. The Gelato that came with my son's meal. It was really good. Really good. Not good enough to go back and eat the pizza for though. I have been told the Italian Beef is really good. The same person who told me the pizza was good is the person who said that so I'm not really sure if I want to chance it. What do you think?
i am just not a fan of this kind of pizza. i hate the sweet sauce, i hate that the ingredients are under the cheese so they don't get crunchy and crispy, the pepperoni is floppy. just not for me. the crust was kinda gooey like.   my delivery was 30 minutes late but its ok bc i wasn't in a hurry. they were really nice i just can't stand this kind of pizza.    if you like the sweet sauce and toppings under the cheese then go for it bc you'll probably love it!
The service was great!  However the atmosphere lacked, mainly because there were no TVs or music playing.  The pizza was ok.  The sauce was way too sweet for my taste.  I couldn't taste the 5 toppings on my pizza it was so over powering.  The crust was thick and delicious.  Overall I had a decent experience, but I probably won't come again
Have you ever watched the turkey dinner scene in National Lampoons Christmas Vacation? I had to melt down every bite of that pizza with water before swallowing it. If I wasn't so hungry I would have thrown it away and gone out to eat...   It tasted like cardboard... I should have known it was bad pizza the second the guy I ordered it from said we're all out of 11" pizzas. Right then and there was my clue that they don't even make their own dough. A pre-Made frozen pie shell is what they are using. I could have gone to the store and purchased a stuffed crust Freschetta and been a lot happier. Not to mention that the 7" pizza with an order of 6 bread sticks cost me $18 bucks...  I've lived all over AZ for the last 12 years and have ordered pizza from all over the place... You want a good pie? Here are 6 quality places:  1. Veneiza's - NY style with Blue cheese and they have Buffalo wings. Want a good deal? Go in and get the 2 slices and a beverage for like 5 bucks... Want the biggest pizza you have ever seen? Order the Party Pie... Awesome! 2. Reno D's - Great Pies with a unique flavor. Wings have an awesome sauce so order a side and you'll get a 12oz container full. 3. Nellos - Offers great pie and a good price. 4. Pizzeria Bianco - Sit down joint. Make a reservation! Brick Oven, gourmet style... 5. Oreganos - Good pies including Chicago style. No delivery option though! 6. Gus's on Campus is a good "I'm drunk and hungry" place. Go Sober up!  Just stay the hell away from Spinato's because no one should have to eat crappy pie... Especially during football season!  AJ - Tempe, Az.
the first itme i had pizza from here i stole it from someone's fridge while i was drunka nd partying at their house - didnt know them btw. I thought it was from heaven. took me 2 years to enter the restaurant and when i did i was let down. too many good artisan pizza places in town do go back.
We had been hearing rave reviews about this pizza and yelp has the reviews to back up what we were hearing.  The staff is super friendly.  One of the best things about this pizza place is that when there is a line to be seated you can pre order your pie so when you sit down you wait for food is very short.  It is a pretty efficient way to get patrons in and out.  On to the food.  Started with the 1/2 and 1/2 dinner salad.  The Italian dressing was just ok for me, but there was nothing wrong with it.  The 1/2 of spinach was non existent.  The pie showed up shortly after the salad was consumed.  My biggest complaint about the pie was the sweet sauce.  So sweet in fact that I had to add salt to try to cut the sweetness.  Defiantly not my favorite pie.
Too bad about the super sweet sauce at Spinato's, because the rest of the pizza was great!  The crust was wonderful and the homemade Italian sausage was great.  Unfortunately, the sauce pretty much overwhelmed the other ingredients.  Almost tasted like honey barbeque sauce instead of pizza sauce.  They offer several options (thin crust, thick crust, lite cheese, etc.), so they should do themselves a big favor and offer a choice of sauce options:  traditional tangy Italian or their present sweet.  That would make this Chicago girl be singing their praises!!
We tried them when they first opened in Ahwatukee. Did carryout. Ordered one of each style crust to see which we liked best. The answer was NONE. Bland crust and overly sweet sauce just did not appeal to any of our family members.  First time we ever threw leftover pizza in the garbage, rather than bag it for the next day... (I mean, who doesn't like cold pizza for breakfast?)
This place sucks.  We have been there 2 times, with an attempted 3rd time.  1st time, burnt pizza, was horrible.  2nd time, we were told that it would be a 15 minute wait, we waited 1 hour 15 minutes, then it took 1 hour and 20 minutes for them to bring us the wrong pizza.  Last time, we called and were told no wait, showed up 3 minutes later and found out there was an 1 and 1/2 hour wait.  They told us it was standard practice to tell any person that calls is there is no wait.  Won't go back.  Florencias, Nellos and Grimaldies all have better Pizza.
This place has good pizza except it is always SOGGY.  I never get a good crispy thin crust pizza from here.  It is a total bummer because the pizza itself tastes great but a soggy crust is just plain nasty.  I love the sauce and toppings.  Every time I call to place an order for delivery I specifically tell them that I want a crispy crust and inform them that the last time I had ordered the crust was soggy.  Still no difference upon delivery.  I thought maybe I was getting too many toppings so the last time I ordered I got a plain cheese pizza and still when I received the pizza the crust was soggy and I had ordered the pizza to be well done... Just to test the difference.  No change.  I don't think I will be ordering from them for a long time until I crave a Chicago style sauce again.  There is no good Chicago style pizza out here in Tempe.  I can't wait to go home.
I have been to the Spinato's in Phoenix and enjoyed it. This location I'd unique in the franchise. There is no alcohol whatsoever served here so be advised, also the pizza did not taste as it normally does the 3 times I have been here. Also like all Spinatos they are closed on Monday. They have like 9 tables, a single picture on the wall... its really depressing. You'd figure the service would be a lot more personable because the server only had one other table, it wasn't. I saw the other server morw which made it awkward when it came to the tip because I didn't know who to tip. I expected a lot more. The food was bland... if you like Spinatos, just avoid this location. It's not worth it.
I recently moved to the area and choose Spinato's after reading reviews on Yelp.  So I expected a decent pizza.  However, I was quite disappointed.  I ordered a basic pepperoni and mushroom pie and was pretty horrified to discover it was made with CANNED mushrooms.  Ugh.  I can't believe any self-respecting pizza place uses canned mushrooms.  Also, there was very little pepperoni on the pizza and it was loaded with a ton of mozzarella and the sauce was incredibly sweet.  I will admit that I'm a bit of a pizza snob who's eaten my share of first-rate New York City pizzas.  I also  tend not to order from mainstream pizza places, preferring instead to only get pizzas from places like Parlor--or to make my own where I know the ingredients will be high-end.  But I can still appreciate a good, old-fashioned basic pepperoni pizza.  This was NOT it. In fact, it was no better than a chain-store pizza. I doubt I'll order it a second time.  Very disappointing.  I'm actually very puzzled by the overwhelming number of positive reviews??
Went for the first time this evening. Cute place with a nice, clean cozy atmosphere. Friendly staff, but not overly helpful. The cheesy garlic bread was incredible - YUMM! My only complaint is the actual pizza. We got the thicker crust and it tasted really dry and hard. The pizza sauce is also way too sweet. It tasted more like a dessert some bites. They put so much sauce on the pizza that you can't get around tasting the sweetness (underneath and on top of the actual toppings). Too sweet for me, but maybe you're into that? Decent price ($30 for three, all got sodas, medium pizza and app to share).  Overall I wouldn't go again, but would recommend to someone who likes sweet saucy pizza.
The pizza was ok. The sauce was pretty sweet. The wait was 30-35 minutes but it was totally fine, we just sat outside and waited. The guy who was our server seemed a bit...off but he was prompt with service. Not sure if I'll go back.
A little overpriced.  You can get literally twice the food for the same price at Oregano's and it's way better.  Pretty disappointed it didn't live up to the hype.  The sweet sauce was not that great either.  Tea was pretty good though.
It started out great, then went downhill very quickly! We went early on a Sat. night and were the first ones there. Got great service until other people showed up. We told them we are local residents lookng for a good Italian restaurant to frequent, but got ignored. Food was ok. Had a seafood risotto and was annoyed to have to shell my own crab (very messy with red sauce all over it). Coffee machine broken.
FYI Went there last night-1/22/2010---it was closed---I assume Alberto's is no longer.
The folks are very friendly and the service excellent but that's about it... We were so disappointed with the food. The bread is very crispy on the edges and didnt taste good. We ordered caprese for appetizer and couple of pizzas. The caprese had very less cheese on it, for 16 dollars, it was very disappointing.  The margherita pizza was dripping with olive oil, the crest was too crispy and there was so much cheese on the pizza. Very disappointed as we went after reading so many nice reviews. The price for the quality of food seemed exorbitant.  We definitely do not plan to go back.
This is hands down the worst italian food in the state. My husband and I have to agree with Robins review. Our experience was horrible. Both our dishes were inedible. They tasted like frozen entrees. The meat was not fresh, the pasta was over cooked by ten minutes. It was pure mush! It was so embarrassing for this owner Alberto, we literally just felt sorry for him. They tried to tell us how good the food was. We don't argue with people. We left our food unfinished, paid our bill and ran the hell out. Will never ever recommend this dump. It's nothing but a cash grab. We don't get the other reviews. It's weird. I wish I didn't have to give even one star. HONESTLY,  I JUST DON'T WANT TO SEE YOU LOSE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY GOING TO THIS AWEFUL RESTAURANT.
Good lord, the Chinese food here is totally dumbed down American style because it tastes nothing like Chinese! I swear their Kon Pao Chicken pass off as dog. The only thing I dug was the atmosphere for it's supposed to be tip top classy.
I've never understood the huge mass appeal of this place.  After this location opened (the first in town), there was such a buzz going on that I was thrilled when one of my directors took the cast out to eat here.  I excitedly made my little lettuce wrap and took a big bite and...  buh?  That's IT?  That's what people have been raving about?  It's not that it's BAD food, it's that it doesn't live up to the hype.  The subsequent times I've been here I've felt the same way.  I've had unappetizing spring rolls, too greasy reef with broccoli, and soggy crispy honey shrimp.  I've always left longing for a more authentic Chinese experience and a higher quality one as well.
p f chang's always has decent food and is consistent in all of their restaurants so the deal breaker is the service i suppose.  the waiter dude here had no idea what was goin on.  he forgot drinks, messed up orders, and didn't make the custom sauce every p f chang's waiter must make.  at least the chicken lettuce wraps were good.
PF Chang's is that huge chain of formula corporate restaurants HQ in Phoenix, AZ that Americans seem to love. (They are found in nearly everystate now, there are 32 in California alone!)   I guess if you offer "exotic" Asian like food in a nicely appointed dinner setting, charge more for it, and give it more Americanized names, tastes, and people serving it, America goes for it!   It really is a sampling of Faux regional type Chinese like dishes. Sichuan General Chu's (or Cho's) chicken, Cantonese Moo Goo Gai Pan or used to be lemon chicken popularized into Orange Chicken by Panda Express into sweet and sour, slightly spicy Orange chicken: Mandarin Moo Shoo pork; and good old Cantonese fried rice.   To their credit, they keep things consistent, and they keep things at a decent level if not authentic. Service attempts to be good, but it is usually too crowded for anyone to notice.   After our group ordered, the waitress showed the condiment tray and asked how spicey we wanted our sauce (there were 3 small bottles of chili sauce, soy sauce and vinegar, and 3 small dip-dishes of yellow mustard, chili paste and  soy sauce. Huh? Was she going to mix it for us? I asked can't each of us make our own sauces (like you would in any Chinese restaurant?).   Anyway, if you want some asian flavors but want to pay more and not get authentic food, and need to wait for your table and be served by young, inexperienced, caucasian, smiling CPK/Chili's/TGIF/Outback  type servers, go to PF Changs. If you really like it, and you don't think they have over-saturated their potential growth as a chain, you might purchase some of there stock, too!
Gloppy.
Went here for lunch with 2 colleagues. Meh!   The Mongolian Beef was way over cooked, about as brittle and bad as that Panda Express "Beijing Beef" crap. My friend's order of shrimp with snow peas was typical and nothing special, something I could have got for half price at a Chinatown dive.  My other friend ordered fried rice, which I didn't try because I prefer white rice. Didn't look like anything special, just filler for the mid-section. PFC does offer brown rice as well.  My friend is Asian (Korean) which surprised me, because most Chinese don't eat fried rice at all, or if they do, they are just making something out of leftover rice and other dishes at home. I thought only non-Asians ordered fried rice in the restaurant? Well, I take it back, at Panda's I order half noodles, half fried rice, because it ir right there in front!   Once again, if you like poorly represented Chinese food in a well decorated environment with a lot of other non-Chinese, and want to pay more for it, this is the place America loves!   It still cracks me up when the waitress asks us if we need help "mixing" the sauces for us! As if they were exotic and strange somehow!   Uh, the three "Exotic" sauces are: Chinese mustard, Red Chili paste, and Soy Sauce! The same stuff you get in disposable condiment packets at Panda Express. And she saw us using our chopsticks already! (Do they ask people if they need help with chopsticks, too?)  I think they should only ask the mixing sauces question if  A) the people aren't Asian and  B) they are using forks and  C) they seem clueless about things in little glass jars that they normally get in little plastic packets!
Went here two times over the last few days, not many vegetarian options on the Strip.  Both times my wife and I ordered some dishes spicy. Both times the dishes came out very bland.  First night the waitress had no social skills. Right after we sat down she was impatient and she wanted us to choose our orders right after we sat down, who does that? Business wasn't booming.  Second night the waitress was much better. Even though the food came out bland again, she at least asked how the food was and offered to get it fixed. She was also very attentive to our needs and was always refilling our water glasses.  I have been to the PF Chang's in San Diego several times and have loved the food each time. Either there is a disconnect and a communication breakdown between the waitresses and the cooks, or the cooks are not preparing the food properly, or the waitresses aren't putting in the orders correctly.  Anyways, I am rambling: the summation is: the food was not tasty.  Chinese food is supposed to be bursting with flavor, even if it's not necessarily a great flavor...it's not supposed to be bland. It's not supposed to be expensive either...but I could deal with that if the food was good.  This was probably the worst PF Changs I have been to in any regard.  But I spare the criticism of our waitress the second time, Janelle. She was solid, attentive and competent. Also, she had social skills and I think she was cute as a button.
Vegetarian Lettuce Wraps was delicious!   I was impressed with the gluten free menu offered.  I had the vegetarian Buddha's feast. I was expecting yummy sauce over the stir fried vegetables, instead it was just a plain plate full of steamed vegetables, broccoli, snow peas, asparagus and carrots. I had to put my own soy sauce and other sauce to make it tasty. It wasn't bad, but the menu was misleading which I didn't like. It should have been noted that the gluten free dish was going to be steamed vegetables.    Kind of disappointing...
Straight to the point: Great place and staff (my buddy said drinks are good too), but food sucks big time. I tried PF Chang twice and let just say the chinese food here is just chinese food in name only. Most of the items came out were way salty and just plain not good. I realized that alot of people like PF Chang food and I respect that, but if you like authentic chinese food, this is not the place.
Ok, so I admit it, I LOVE Asian food...and I have to say, I've tried quite a few different places...so I honestly expected sooo much more from this place because people always say its "amazing" and the "best Chinese food ever"...Boy was I in for a surprise.  So my Bf and I arrived a lil later on in the night, and the place looked nice...busy, and cozy, but when I saw the prices on the menu ( Which I was warned would be a lil outrageous) I was expecting that the food would be sprinkled in edible gold!! :) Luckily they had a menu perfect for a couple..a "prefix menu" with many different options for under $40. Ok, not too shabby...The waiter was good..my bf drinks like a beast, and his cup was always filled, and my mouth was anticipating our tasty meal... and then it showed up.  Honestly, I don't see the hype. I have had BETTER Chinese takeout!!!!!!!! The Lo mein was not very flavorful, the mongolian beef was extra crispy it had turned chewy and stiff,and it was super salty!!! yuck!!! The only dish that attempted to save the meal was the honey shrimp..the shrimp was juicy and fresh! Dessert was our choice of cake shoved in a shot glass, and even that didn't turn my frown upside down "( Would I come here again??.... Probably not..unless I wasn't paying for it. And even with that, I would be willing to try new dishes, but I don't feel there is anything worth my $15.95 a dish.
Expensive and overcooked... Place was empty and cooking time was quite long. With all the choices in Vegas this was the wrong one
Terrible experience.  We ordered online (on their website) for a pick up order an hour and a half in advance.  Got confirmation and all.  When I arrived, no one had any record of the order, nor any way to figure out what happened.  After three staffers, finally they brought over a manager, whose solution was 'well, we can make your order now, shouldn't be more than 25-30 minutes' - uhhhh.  The solution is to ask me to wait another half hour at the service bar (standing)????  No way will I go back.
After waiting 5 minutes for a hostess to appear, we we escorted to the spot where it all went down.   I reminisced over meals years ago when plates of hot and tasty food were served in sister restaurants around the states... then:  Calamari: was lukewarm and tasted like fish sticks. Enough said.   Rice: was dry and al dente... at an asian restaurant.  Orange peel shrimp: was the best dish, owing to its sugary sauce and only being slightly overcooked. The the orange rind tasted the opposite of fresh... I literally imagined oranges in a pile of two-day old trash being scooped up by the cook. It wasn't nearly as good as the same dish a couple years ago at another Changs.  Mongolian beef: tasted like shards of a tire. The green onions were offensive, inedible and awkward.  Ginger ale: watered down.  Desserts: in my haste to depart, I ordered the one dish I could remember: mini-desserts, aka, sweet baby food for adults. One or two layers of this crap actually tasted edible, if only in small concurrent quantities.  This spot reflects on Americans' taste in food the way the WCW... u get the idea. Quality of all chain restaurants seems to experience the same sad decline that has befallen applebees, the olive garden, et al.--which threw quality under the bus for profit margins.   The next time I crave a cheap and decent chain-y meal, I'll drive my bourgeoisie romp to the Cheesecake Factory or Ri Ra.
Attention anyone with Celiac Disease!!! Caught them red handed swapping plates on a gluten free order. Very disappointed in how manager Vanessa handled the situation. Be cautious when eating at this PF Changs!!!!  Even though she comp'd the meal, no amount of money is worth getting sick when you are served food that may have been cross contaminated.
I'm very disappointed about our visit.  The food was VERY VERY slow. I told a woman in the black trousers that we were in a big hurry and also ordered 1 hour in advance. Regardless, the kitchen was slow and the manager was lackadaisical and didn't seem to care about the fact we were in a large hurry.  I'm EXTREMELY UNHAPPY and we will never come back to this location.   Also...worse yet, the food was incorrect!!!!  For example, cucumber dish....not spicy at all. Totally different than other restaurants ...waste of money.  Bottom line. Very poor experience. Poor service from the management and incorrect food.  One highlight. The guy who gave us our food was working very hard!
Any trip to PF Chang's should be under protest. The hot and sour soup was just a bowl of saltwater, the seared tuna salad was as unimpressive as it was unoriginal. I was kind of hoping that I'd finally have an experience there that didn't suck; nope.
My Wife and I enjoy PF Chang's and Pei Wei and we went into this restaurant and had a late lunch, not busy.  The hostess was on the phone at the front door  and when she finished her call, wiped her nose with her hand and proceed to take us to a table and placed the menu's down.  Mind you this was in the middle of the flu season and she did not use a tissue or wash her hands.  She then proceeded to pick up the extra place settings and stack them on a shelf close to our table.  Within a few minutes a waiter came by and I asked to see the manager, which he obliged.  I told the manger what happen and it appeared he could care less as he did not take the plates off the shelf and into the kitchen.  Shortly thereafter another waited came by and picked up the plates and took them to another table.  I wonder how many germs were on the plates?   Who got the flu from this untrained hostess?   Very poor management at a great chain.  I will think twice before I go back to this location.  Great food, but untrained in personal hygiene.  Watch out!!!
Waited in line to see how long a wait would be for three people. A gentlemen waiting in the opposite line psychically grabbed me and pulled me back and said that he was in front of me. I told him that there was clearly two lines and that my party was larger than his party of two so either way I'd still be waiting much much longer than him. The hostess told me to head to the end of the line and wait once again even though I had all ready waited in the double line for 10-15 minutes.  Absolutely terrible customer services and something I wouldn't expect from PF Changs...a place I often visit at my home town which I won't visit anymore.  I'll never be back!
I know this place does Americanized Chinese, but I thought the flavors were pretty bland relative to what they should have been, and it was way overpriced for how it tasted.
I'm normally a fan of PF Changs but this experience was not good at all!  I wanted to take my mother since she had never been.  I always bring home food for her to try.  This was not what I hoped her first PF Changs experience would be!   The beef with broccoli was over cooked, and when we asked about it we were told that's how it's ALWAYS made.  The Mongolian Beef was overlooked as well.  I had a cup of wonton soup...lets face it you can't really mess that up!  Overall the service was less than stellar,the waitress was a bit rude. When the manager came over to speak with us we were asked had we ever been to PF Changs? I asked why he wanted to know he said because we were asking about the food and explained to me how PF Changs is not a "typical" Chinese restaurant.  I explained to him I was a regular at my local location and have NEVER had beef cooked to the point it was basically beef jersey, nor had I ever been treated like that in a restaurant.    I will continue to frequent the PF Changs in the PH hotel/casino, but will NOT go back to this location!
Service is terrible! Came in tonight, was seated right away. Took waitress 15 min to get our drinks; watched her flirt with bartender the whole time. Ordered an appetizer that took almost 20 min to come. So disappointed! Usually the food is amazing but we received over cooked chow mein noodles , soggy honey crispy chicken, and continued POOR SERVICE! I will never come to this location again! Try the Planet Hollywood location!!
Rice tasted like plastic. Service sucked. It was my first and last time going there. If I didn't have a $20 gift card I don't think I would went in the first place. Not a good experience at all. :(
Walked in before noon time today by myself, the place was empty.  The hostess asked if I would like to sit at the bar or full service, I said full.  She put me right behind of the order machine (which I wasn't aware of at that time) where every waiter or waitress took their orders would go behind me to enter those orders.  Worst place to sit in the house! My server was okay, he wasn't very helpful when I asked a few questions.  First I asked about what type of hot tea is good for sore throat (from cold), no specific answer was given, fine!  So I ordered a tropical green tea, not bad. Then I started with a cup of wonton soup, but I tried to change my order for a bowl instead of cup after 10 seconds of my order, he said too late, the order has been entered (the machine just right behind of me, ding2x).  I felt like it was quite rude to say that..., sure there's a way to revise.  My vibe was going down south from that point. After glancing at the menu, I decided shrimp candied walnut based on one of the yelp review.  Then he asked if I want a lunch portion that came with soup or salad, or dinner (he only gave me a dinner menu).  Well..., if I knew it did come with soup, I may not order the wonton soup in the first place, since I'm not a salad person.  I ended up with a dinner portion.  I wasn't impressed with the meal, it was a cold creamy dish.  The white rice was dried, tasted like overnight rice.  Had a few bites, decided to take it home.  Since the place was getting busy, all the entire of orders just came straight behind me!!  Very annoying!!!  The manager came by and asked if everything was okay, I didn't want to make a scene out of it, so I was politely said okay.  All of these happened, I still gave 18-20% tip, but I won't be back again..., thanks to the hostess, service & disappointed food.
The food was great BUT I took my mom there for her belated birthday on 4/11/14. My brother passed away during her birthday in March so this was a special occasion for us. I let the hostess know it was her birthday so she can get a special dessert with a candle. She mentioned she would let my server know. No special dessert ever came. I saw the server had brought a birthday dessert for the table across the way. I asked him if he was notified of the occasion and he said no and he didn't bring it out anyway. I was unhappy with the service.
Horrible from start to finish. I haven't been back to this location in over a year and things have surely gone downhill. Me and my husband had lunch yesterday. We walked in at about 3:30. The section we were sitting in had a total of 4 tables being used the rest of the restaurant was pretty empty. We sat down the waiter took our drink order and left. From the beginning our waiter was ver standoffish. Anyways he took our Order we got the meal for 2 for 40 dollars. The chicken was dry the quality of the food has definitely gone down. It took him forever to get me a new beer and for him to refill my husbands drink. I ordered siracha and got it at the end of my meal! The rice was mediocre  at best. At the end of the meal we ordered another order of drinks and never got it. So we payed our tab and left. I was so disappointed :( never coming back to this location.  60 dollars gone and a bad taste in my mouth.  The only reason I gave two stars was because the dessert which we got to go because the lack of service was making me really upset was pretty good.
We had a lunch reservation and were seated  immediately. However, no server came by for about 10 minutes. We had to flag someone down to go find our waitress. We were under time constraints to return to the office. The pork dumplings were greasy and tough. Not a hint of ginger in the sauce. Dan  Dan noodles were okay. I've had better at my local Chinese takeout.  A good concept has declined sadly.
This chain use to be at the forefront of asian fusion cuisine, now I'd rather go to a family run Chinese resturant.
As many others have mentioned, the food NEVER disappoints.  However, this location is horribly mismanaged.  The staff, some friendly, some not at all, differ from every other PF Chang's I've ever been to.  Hostesses are absolutely horrible.  Wait staff are friendly, but disorganized and slow.  There's no sense of urgency.  Our waiter, who was absolutely gregarious, but slower than molasses in January, couldn't run my credit card.  "The manager has to do it"... WTF???   Replace the manager with someone who gives a shit, and the place would kick ass like every other PF Chang's on the planet.
It's been years since I've been to a PF Chang's and it's safe to say I won't be returning. The food was very salty and the only redeeming factor was the manager granted us gift cards to make up for some poor tasting food they like to call 'cuisine.' If only we could have applied the gift cards to our tab since we don't plan on ever returning...
Terrible service! The waitress was extremely slow even slower after we mentioned we were catching a movie.  We had to practically jump up and down waving our arms to call her over.  It honestly looked as if she would serve other tables and avoid eye contact at our table and pretend we weren't calling her just so she could go to the kitchen.   As for the food most everything tasted pretty salty especially the double pan-fried noodles...YUCK!  BUT, if you're into ALL that SALT  I guess go.  P.s.  We were harassed by a homeless person from the parking lot all the way to the front door walkway.
I gotta say, I have been a fan of PF Changs for some time as a go to option for "higher end" Asian food. I was let down this time though . Granted we stopped in during several of the largest trade shows in Las Vegas, so the restaurant was PACKED, but it just didn't seem like anyone was on their game. My friend and I (no, it's not what you think!) stopped in to get looking for some decent, non casino food and we left really wanting. This is one of the "smaller" locations it seemed in both parking lot and restaurant size, so that probably magnified the difficulties they had. Our experience started off when we pulled in to the parking lot and were greeted by the valet telling us the only option, other than across the street was to valet our "big ole truck". This wasn't a big deal as we didn't want to walk anyways. However, we were a bit irked when the valet told us we needed to get out car, or at least the key within the next hour and a half as they would be closing at 10ish, valet included. I almost voiced an opposition to continuing in as I did not want to be rushed in what already seemed like a packed restaurant...This is VEGAS for crying out loud! No worries. We did get seated pretty fast as there was only two of us. The waiter definitely got this place an additional star as he was attentive and informative. He got out orders in and going in great order and stopped by several times to refill us on drinks. We ordered a few standbys, Kung Pow chicken and Crispy beef. What a let down! The chicken appeared to be sauted chicken and peanuts with a little sauce, and my beef was too chewy for my liking. Both made us think that perhaps we had gotten the PF Changs frozen entre's they now sell in the supermarkets? The highlight for me was the house ginger beer. I must have had three of these damn things. I enjoy a good, unique beer and this was killer! This was a light tasting heff type unfiltered beer with a fantastic sweet/spicy aftertaste of genuine ginger. I might hit up the local PF Change to see if they have this on it's own. I guess we went in hoping for average to above average and left feeling we got below average from a restaurant chain that makes it's reputation on being above average. I'll give them a second chance, but in a town with almost as many eating options as ways to loose your money, why try again?
I was disappointed the very last time I went here. And it made my guts feel funny =[ not cool...thank goodness it was not a date.
I've been to this one and the one in Green Valley and I have to say that I'm just not that impressed.  I mean, the food is good and its certainly a nice enough place but I like the food at China-a-go-go better, and its a hell of a lot cheaper.    I guess this place is fine for high school graduations, Mothers Day, and dad's birthday, you know, when you want to go out for a "nice" dinner (but not an overly expensive one).    The staff was nice and took good care of us but I left here not caring either way if I ever returned.
Went on a Thursday night where there was a 35-minute wait.  Friends asked that we meet them there.  Service, as usual, was terribly slow--15 minutes to get our water and then another 10 minutes to get our drinks.  The food took forever to arrive, but was pretty tasty.  It was an over 2-hour generally poor experience.  I think I've finally learned my lesson and will never return.
Terribly slow service waited 45 minutes for entrees and they refused to accept yelp offer.   Wayne Gorsek
Tonight I spent $60 on an absolutely underwhelming meal.  It started with blase egg drop soup, greasy spring rolls, just average chicken dishes with dry rice! And the food was lukewarm.  This the second time, a PF Chang, has served us a mediocre quality of food..I can go to the neighborhood Chinese Buffet and have a much better meal for half the price.   Since we were in Las Vegas, visiting, and there are thousands of restaurants, I was surprised at how robotic the waiter was and how below average, greasy and tasteless the food was.  I wish I had my $60 back!!  Advice:  Save your money, or go to your neighborhood Chinese joint!  There is no justification for charging those prices and delivering a crappy experience....Very upset and disappointed.
This used to be my favorite go-to Chinese cuisine restaurant.  However, the last few times I have been there, I have fallen more disappointed than the next.  I think the food is consistent, but extra heavy on the sodium.  Also, menu items seem to stay stagnant without changing here and then.  Finally, it seems as if the expectations for the servers have been lowered.  Do managers still visit the tables?  I think the icing on the cake was our last experience. We were DOUBLE charged on our bill, and when we called it to our server's attention he shrugged his shoulders and walked away.  Yes you heard it...no sorry, no apology, no "have a good day." We were appalled.   (You better believe we will be checking our credit card statement to see if he actually credited our bill.) With that attitude, it almost felt as if we busted him in a scam. Thankfully, we compared the bill with the others who split it with us or else this might not have been caught. I hope management gets it together here and teaches basic customer service skills to their employees. That being said, I will give it another honest try at some point.
PF Chang's is one of my favorite places to go for dinner an has always been outstanding. But recently I was very disappointed. We recently called to get an order for take out. It was a special occasion for my bf an I an wanted a nice romantic dinner at home. We called an ordered 3 appetizers an 3 main course meals. When we got the food home I couldn't believe how awful it was a the portions were barely enough. The crab won tons were burnt an the shrimp pan fried dumplings the northern style ribs were ok but not as good as when we eat in. The entree portion of Mongolian beef, honey crispy chicken were so little we could hardly share. The only entree that was a little better was the ginger chicken. It was like they had given food for maybe 1 person. It was very disappointing. I will never get take home again. Going in an eating is definitely better. Although it should be good either way
Horrible, tasteless, bland, overpriced Chinese food. Both times I ate at this PF Chang's were terrible. Good thing both times were free or else I would be even more pissed. Also, need to do something about  their slow service. I had ordered online for a pick-up several hours in advance. I still had to wait 15-20 minutes.   You think they would at least make one of their signature dishes palatable. Wrong! Their chicken lettuce wraps was one of the worst meals I've had in Vegas!
Literally, as my party of 3 discussed the closure of Firefly on Paradise, I find a huge piece of plastic wrap in my salad!!! I am done with PF chunks forever! quality control? negative, none, nada. Yuk. yes, the manager apologized, no, I wasn't charged for the salad, but it turned my stomach.
My dining partner was the less-adventurous type, so I reluctantly agreed to meet here for dinner.  We had lettuce wrapped chicken (over salted), stir-fried spinach (careless presentation - bland & uninviting) and pork lo-mein (edible, but not memorable).  P.F.Chang is for the 'pedestrian' Chinese food diner.  Having lived and traveled in Asia for 30 years, it will be a while before I return to P.F.  Too many solid alternatives in the Spring Mountain area, like Asian BBQ & Noodle on Jones.
Bad.  Will never come back. Service was horrible.  Had to ask for refills and chopstick to eat. Food not great. Dessert awesome.  But we are here to eat dinner, not dessert .
I was excited to eat here but the service was horrible and I needed to keep asking for water refills. But the food was pretty good.
I've always liked it here, but the last few times it feels like everything is SO damn salty!  Soups are always good, as well as tier chicken wraps. As for their entrees, way too salty. We ended up not being able to eat one of out dishes because of how it tasted :( Such a shame.
I'm really disappointed in this place. They are always so busy, it takes forever to get a table. But what really upset me is the time I called in a to-go order on a Sun night around 7 pm. When I called in the order, they said it would take 25 min.  So when I arrived at the restaurant 25 min later, (btw I waited by the to-go register for at least 5 min without even being acknowledge by any of the staff) I was told that the order just went in and it would take another 40 min. So I just cancelled my order and walked out. If they would've just told me on the phone when I called in order that it would take an hour, I would've been ok with that. I could've waited at home for an hour doing something worthwhile instead of wasting my time waiting at the restaurant. But they lied and said it would only take 25 min. It's too bad their service is horrible because I like their food. I will NOT be going here again.
SNOOZEFEST....  Typical chain food .   Just the average of average.   There are so many choices in Vegas I'm kind of surprised so many people go here.   Yawn.
Not too good.  Very sweet and the price is very outrageous.   Pf hangs because it left me hanging.  Waitress was awesome though. Steph....
Me: Just not great. Everything is crunchy and/or sweet, thereby making it palatable to 99.9% of Americans. For real Chinese food, not to mention money and effort, we eat elsewhere.   Him: Eccchh! The food is not so good. They use too much oil and you burp a lot after you eat there. There are no Chinese people.
I would not suggest "Curbside to Go". More than once they screwed up my order. Never have I ever received two sauces for my wraps even if I ask for them twice. Your lucky if you get one container half way filled of sauce. I had one employee tell me the lettuce wraps didn't come with sauce nor included the actual lettuce. Never any napkins or customer service. I would be happy if just once they got my order right. For now I learned my lesson.
Come on guys... we LIKE your restaurant - but, when you blow it - you're champs?  GLUTEN FREE is an issue for many people these days regarding diet - so are allergies.  You have been good about this from time to time but there is NO MENU POLICY - store wide?  Today I spent a good but unnecessary dollar and your staff/mgmt/cooks were NOT WILLING to adjust the menu and it wasn't that busy - LAZY as far as I could see.   I'll wait till you have a new menu and an ad saying you care about the GLUTEN FREE movement?
Very disappointing. I ordered delivery -- it took about 30 minutes but they should have taken longer and properly cooked the food. The fried mushrooms were so undercooked the batter was raw and I couldn't eat them. The pizza toppings (Fetalicious) was good but parts of the crust was doughy. Overall, I have had better from Dominoes -- with their new Pacific Northwest specialty pizza.
Seriousy!?!?!? Is this really the best pizza in wisconsin? :-( I ordered it in the eve & it was at best "okay". I'm from NY and it's not nearly as good as the reviews have portrayed. For point of reference, I tried the "cardiac arrest" 10" as well as the garlic sticks. Honestly, I'm sorely disappointed.  Had I known it would have been this meehhhh I wouldn't have ordered it.  If this is the best pizza gets in wisconsin or in madison specifically, perhaps one should swear off pizza until they arrive in ny. :-( The best part of the Glass Nickel experience was the speedy delivery. Completely uninspiring
Got this as a delivery while I was staying at the Sheraton in Madison.  I got a calzone and it basically sucked a$$.  My partner liked her pizza.  The salad was totally lame.  Lettuce, and a slice of cucumber.  Ive had much better.
I need to update this review - I've been back to the Glass Nickel several times since the last write-up, and sadly, I find myself liking the pizza less and less.  Why?  It's become largely tasteless.  The Cardiac Arrest, with it's plethora of sausage, pepperoni, bacon, and other salty meats still holds a special place in my ever-hardening arteries.  But aside from the CA, I've not found a pizza that has any real taste to it.  I've tried the breakfast pizza, the couch potato, the big eddie, the chicken alfredo, the santa fe, and the Thai... and I honestly think they all tasted about the same.  The crust has become overwhelmingly bready and heavy, the sauces nearly flavorless (save for the spicy sauce, which packs a pleasing punch), and the toppings bland.    I brought a group of friends to the Glass Nickel last weekend and it's probably the last time that I'll be back.  We ordered three pies - the Breakfast Pie, the CA, and the Thai pie, along with Nickel Nuggets, chicken strips, fries, and a bunch of beers.  The CA was the only one that had more than 1 piece taken from it; the Breakfast and Thai pies were left to languish - "no flavor," "too doughy," "what am I eating?" "I can't eat that," were the comments from my friends.  And sadly, I agreed with them.  Worse yet, the chicken strips and fries were demolished - they were the only things that had much flavor to them.  Adding a final dagger was the check - well over $100 for our group of 6.  Yikes.  Service was decent, but the food was such a disappointment.  Glass Nickel, what happened to you?    Roman Candle remains solid, as does Rosati's (tip: order an extra thin crust from Rosati's - it's phenomenal), so at least I've still got a few decent alternatives to satisfy my pizza cravings.
After reading raving reviews of Glass Nickel Pizza, I have to say it was underwhelming.  I have honestly come to prefer Papa John's.  But then again, I don't eat meat so I wouldn't take this review TOO seriously.  I'm sure their other pizzas are good.
Done. Gross pizza. Shit service. I wonder if this place is capable of hiring people who don't need to schedule work around visits to their parole agents' office. There are at least 15 store bought pizza brands that are better than Glass Nickel. If I had the resources, I would franchise one of my favorite pizza joints nearby, and put Glass Nickel out of business.
I came here from NYC, which has a lot of great pizza options. (They also have a lot of crap pizza, but that's a different story).   The pizza styles at GNP are too doughy for my tastes, though I recognize that some people like it that way. I was more disappointed in the crust flavor, which lacked the savory taste that I was looking for. There are lots of novelty toppings too, like mac & cheese or french fries and stuff like that. Great quantities of things that seemed to be hiding the lackluster value of the crust underneath.   I think the oven isn't hot enough, because I didn't see the kind of char I expect on a pizza, and everything on top got very...brown...instead of molten with a charred crust.   I'll probably try some other selections here but so far, it isn't a match for me.
Once upon a time in Madison there were a lot of pizza places.  They all sucked.  Then along came Glass Nickel, they had higher quality 'za with much more variety in toppings.  Yay!  Then after a while they started to suck a bit.  The pizza was always raw.  Always uncooked and white.  Ask for it well done?  75% chance it was raw anyway.  Dough became much more soft and underdone, doughy and rubbery.  Toppings taste cheap.  Salads, gross.  Fried mushrooms, mushy and raw.  It really seems like corners have been cut in the last few years both in quality of ingredients and in the staff.   There are now considerably better options available (Roman Candle, Ians to name a couple).  So I'm avoiding GN despite having been a fan for years.
Forget the somewhat manufactured-looking decent ratings and do NOT order pizza from this place. As out of towners we were dumb enough to order a pizza and a Caesar salad and were sorely disappointed.   First off, their website is a complete mess...don't even dream of trying to find their phone number on it, much less the price of a pizza. Second...any place that serves up a Caesar salad with what are obviously bagged chicken chunks, and croutons and dressing that come in packets is NOT a three star pizza place. I mean come on people, Madison is practically a Chicago suburb -- you should know what decent pizza is! Thirdly, if a pizza place knows you are ordering from a hotel and one of the things you are ordering is a salad for two, you'd think a couple of napkins and more than one fork would come with your order. Not a chance!  Now, as to the 'za itself: two words come to mind: Pizza Pit. Yes, the fake cheese, over-sweet cheap sauce, too-thick crust and spongy sausage reminded me of the chain places of my own college youth.  As for the reviews that call the toppings "fresh," how exactly can you tell when a greasy piece of processed meat or a sliver of onion is fresh once it's been in a 500 degree pizza oven?  Give me a break.    Despite all this, my husband, daughter and I made a meal of it. Later. My husband and I made a meal of TUMS, and as for my daughter? Well, she woke up with a stomach ache and as of this writing, has thrown up three times. Thanks, Gkass Nickel, for ruining the last day of our vacation!
This review is just about the pizza, not the service or atmosphere, as I have only ordered delivery from this place.  The pizza just isn't that good. They have some topping combinations that are interesting, but I've found that most of them just miss the mark. They end up being crust heavy or topping heavy without much sauce or balance. Their salads are primarily watery iceberg lettuce with a few veggies thrown in. Their salad dressings are bagged and uninspired.   I agree that the Mediterranean pizza is their best, but it probably the only thing I would eat if I ordered from there again.
After seeing their food decline in quality, I started ordering from here less frequently.    One night I was craving a salad and went in with a friend.  Before the server even got to our table I could tell from his body language and facial expression that he was less than thrilled.  His tone and language was hostile and rude; actually the worst I've ever been treated in a restaurant.    There are a ton of restaurants in Madison and I have no desire to spend any of my time surrounded by such hostility and negative energy.  Went elsewhere and had a fabulous night.
The pizza is great, but the wings were awful. They give you sauce on the side instead of adding it to the wings..... What's up with that? The place also smells like it's not well cleaned.... It's smells like lingering dirt.
I went to this Pei Wei a while back. it was crowed and the foods taste good. I stop going there after I saw the bad reviews on TV channel 5 in 2005. There were 8 violations regarding to their kitchen.   I still like the Pei Wei at other locations though.
I was excited to give Pei Wei another try after writing it off years ago. I was under the impression that there was a Coke Freestyle machine at *all* Pei Wei's... (not most, lol).. but noo. No such luck. I ordered the Chicken Coconut Curry with brown rice. While I'm not expecting Pei Wei to serve up the most authentic grub, my meal felt haunted by overtones of a Stouffer's TV Dinner, circa 1989. Unacceptable!
I don't know why so many restaurants are determined to make me take my takeout business elsewhere, but now Pei Wei is on that list. Maybe people have forgotten what the point of take out is, convenience. Ordering my food more than an hour before I need it, then waiting 40 minutes after the promised time to get it is ridiculous. All the girl taking orders would say is "I'm sorry, I don't know what happened." Perhaps this wouldn't have been so bad if there weren't like 25 other people in the same boat as me...waiting for their takeout. I did notice that there was no back up in the dining area of the restaurant. They were all getting their food on time, eating, and leaving as I continued to wait. I wasn't offered a discount, or a gift card, although I did notice that many people around me had been comped or given a $10 gift card for next time. Apparently Pei Wei doesn't want me to return.  Consider it done, I will be taking my money elsewhere.
Came in looking for something quick but tasteful. Was on a quick lunch date with my girlfriend Jessica A. and Asian was what our taste buds wanted that day. She ordered the honey seared shrimp while I ordered the Pad Thai noodles. Her's was decent to say the least, when I tried it I expected something a little sweeter but her shrimp was rather on the tangy side.  Not sour, just "citrusy" My pad thai was almost on the sour/tangy side when I was expecting something a little spicier and a little sweeter as well. It wasn't bad but it's definitely not the greatest. I'd recommend Pei Wei to anyone that wants a quick taste of Asia but not a place where you go for the full out experience of Asian cuisine.
Our food was served Luke warm. The sweet and sour chicken was terrible. I ordered Brown rice which was not cooked completely
I ordered two Pad Thai this afternoon. One for me and other for my 8 year old grandson. I wanted them to be mild. They ended up being extra spicy and hot. My grandson, who loves Pad Thai simply cried. The taste was not good. Chicken was old and smelly.  I immediately phoned them. The man was so rude at the other end, he simply said thank you and cut the phone off.  We made a mistake of going there again after six months due to bad experiences in the past. But not any more!
I went here with my wife...we ordered the new sushi they were advertising, edamame, sesame chicken and drinks. I received the sushi and it was ROTTEN!!! It tasted like it had been pre made and sat in the cooler for a few days to spoil. I notified the manager and told him that it looked like it had been sitting for a few days...THE MANAGER TOLD ME "YES, IT ACTUALLY WAS MADE A FEW DAYS AGO" OMG!!!! Are you trying to kill me? Needless to say..I will not go back...
I'm soooo glad to hear other people are surprised by the rave. PF Changs is AWFUL. Over-priced and truly disgusting. I have had one horrible experience after another. I will never return. So many other options that are less expensive and more appetizing.
I'm impressed. The last time I experienced service this bad it was intentional, on account the manager of the place turned out to be my girlfriend's ex-boyfriend and hated my guts. But today at Changs was like the perfect storm - the simultaneous occurrence of employee mistakes and oversights which, taken individually, would be far less powerful than the overall experience resulting of their chance combination...  First I had to send my hot and sour soup back because of the chicken (don't eat chicken, wouldn't have ordered it had it been mentioned on the menu) in exchange for crab wontons. I should have asked, right - that's what you're thinking... Well, maybe so. Regardless, it took ten minutes to flag someone down to make the exchange, and as a result, the lemon pepper shrimp entree we ordered arrived before the appetizer, without plates, with white rice instead of requested brown. Ten minutes for the brown rice, fifteen for the plates, and we had to ask for them three times. Three times. The last time the guy actually laughed like, "Oh my god I'm such an idiot, I forgot again, Ha Ha." Jerk. Then we waited another 20 minutes for a refill of Tea, another 10 for water. The food? It was ok. Borderline good. But certainly not worth the wait and the service.  When we got the bill, of course the hot and sour soup was still on it, so that had to be corrected, which took another fifteen minutes. And then - and this is the icing on the cake, the real kick in the teeth, the coup de grce: there was no fortune in my damn fortune cookie. That's right. No fortune. What's a fortune cookie without a fortune? Just a damn cookie, that's what. No fortune. That's F'd up. It's like a bad omen or something, isn't it? F these guys.
I once got a fortune cookie with no fortune in it.  There were two ways to interpret this:  1) I had no fortune (true at the time) or 2) "Nothing"....in bed (also true at the time).
Yet another place that people seemed to be duped into going to. Why do people think expensive=good. Are they all morons? Nothing about this establishment is good. The food is not made fresh on location and the service is just okay. Please look elsewhere for chinese food.
Talk about the ultimate chinese torture: arriving with the crowds at 6pm with a party of 10 on one of the busiest weekends of the year: automatic 90 minute wait.   Freezing outside (unnaturally so) for Phoenix, and the door opening every 3 seconds with people sqeezing in/out.  Family wants to stay because of course every other place on any sort of main strip is going to be the same wait.  Finally sit: waiter looks 13 and wet behind the ears, seems to be on the verge of a nervous breakdown (running frantically, cursing under his breath), stops by after 10 minutes to let us know "I will help you later, Im busy," meanwhile the kids have already eaten at Krispy Creame across the street or else they would be pissing all over the table, no room to even get out of your table except to go all the way to the back of the place since its packed so tight with people.  3 hours later, finishing up, no time or room for desert with mega-sized fried portions, escaping back out in the cold to go home and feel ill.  Is this worth the 300$ bill?  Is this what we call entertainment and family time?  At least the orange peel chicken was excellent, but after starving that long anything would taste like fried manna.
Nothing was good here. My wife got beef and broccoli, the beef was NASTY. I got a spicy chicken dish, again, nasty. The prices are high, the food stinks... Screw this place.
Two words:  Painfully Mediocre  Imagine your favorite and/or average Chinese food delivery place.  Now divide the flavor in half.  Now multiply the price by 3.  Perfect, now find a place that isn't PF Chang's to eat tonight.  Seriously though, you are paying for mediocre food in a "trendy" environment.  Trendy is another way of saying "long wait" and "stupid employees".  The Olive Garden : Italian food :: PF Chang's : Chinese food analogy doesn't even work here.  And I make fun of Olive Garden ALL the time.  If you are really determined to get mediocre Chinese food, find a Pei Wei.  It's owned by the same family and is the same food but for less.  And if you're looking for a Pei Wei in Tempe, AZ, just go to Tott's Asian Diner.  It's in the same strip mall and it's way way better.
I must be the only person in Phx never to eat here. Ok, so we did finally go before Phantom. Mixed reviews here.I love Peiwei so assumed I would love this place too.I did not.  I am at a crossroad as to give it a good review or a bad so I  will just say what happened noting what I liked an disliked about the experience.  We got here at around 4:45 which was good because by the time we left the place had a long wait and was packed. The first thing I did not like is the way it is set up. Tables all over the place with no spaces to walk in between. It was very odd. I found this very annoying and I am sure a nightmare for older or handicapped people. It seemed very weird for me to be banging into people's elbows as I walked by their tables. The service was very good at the start but died when they got busy. Although the manager here was great, printing out nutritional value menu for me and another waitress walked me to the bathroom. Our server was ok, seemed a little ditzy but was ok, not great just, OK. I ordered a wedge salad with chicken and got a wedge salad with no chicken. I ate it all before I realized it. (I know don't ask. I guess I was starving and the blood drained from my brain) I did not want the waitress to think I was trying to scam her. I pointed it out and said it was Ok since I did not point it out sooner and after all I did eat it all but just an FYI for the cook. She did not seem very concerned and I think this is a huge mistake for a place to make. They did not comp the bill the difference which I think they should have even though I said it was ok.( The salad was good but there was a three dollar difference in price) I worked in the restaurant business for years and comping the difference would  have been the very  least I would have done. I also thought that was a huge mistake on the part of the cook and server in an expensive place such as this. . Of course, I do take partial responsibility for not noticing it until it was to late and the food was good. The dressings make it. I had these awesome cucumbers too that tasted nice.  Again, it is their sauce. My friend had a noodle dish that was very tasty too. The service took along time to get the food to us though and the place was horribly noisy. Yikes! Two large parties sandwiched around us. One where children kept clinking knives on the glasses non stop and the other table had people clapping every minute about something or another. This was horrid! I like a quieter dining experience please.The last straw was when a couple with 2 very naughty kids sat down in back of us and I got wacked in the back of the head with the kid's paper that he kept flinging around and hitting his father with.A father that did not do one thing to discipline the kid.  Please if you are bringing out the kids leave if they are misbehaving. All in all the experience was not horrible but not great either. I might go back for lunch and try some more of their dishes. However, to be honest there are other good restaurants in town that are better suited to me. Since I love Peiwei i will eat there more often and skip this much pricier option.
We usually like PF Changs but something about the orange chicken - we got another order, explained to one of the partner's Peter that it was too tomato based vs orange glaze - still wasn't right the 2nd time but we just took it home and put it in the fridge.  they didn't charge us for it and were gratious - oh well, just an of night I suppose.
GAH! Please, people! don't torture your poor defenseless taste-buds by shoveling this horribly tasteless food like product into your mouth holes. It is so cruel to send food over them without them being able to do what they love and long to do. Seriously, I've had finer dining at a $8 all-you-can-eat Chinese buffet.   The Mongolian beef is to die for... I'm going to die 'for I ever have to eat it again. It's not that it's just a smidge bland, I've had spicier Big Macs, it was that it was drowning in a pool of brownish blandy sauce. I had to pepper my Mongolian beef! DID YOU HEAR THAT? Genghis and Kublai are very disappointed. I think maybe even a tear or 2. And the plum sauce for the Moo Shu pork was gawdawful. Scrape it off!!! My tongue hurts. Now the orange chicken wasn't too bad and maybe even moderately okay.   Now the service I had most recently, this one on Mill, (I've been to 2 different muthuh PFers just in case) was not all that great. The guy was a big stick but with a d instead of the st, ya get it? huh? huh? get it? But that's hit or miss at any chain.  And then the bill! I haven't felt that violated since grade school. Same kind of bad taste but only money was taken this time. It's one thing to pay a moderate amount for good food with good atmosphere but this place is just Panda Express in trendy clothes.   I should have gone to Taco Bell.
Treachery! Seek it out:  Let me begin this review by saying that mine is not an indictment on this particular location but on every single P.F. Chang's I've had the misfortune of being dragged to.  P.F. Chang's is effectively the Cheesecake Factory of bad Chinese food, with the disadvantage of not being as capable of delivering passable food. They bill themselves as a "gourmet" Asian experience, which is a bit of a laugh when they turn around and sell you their equally horrible frozen entres right from the convenience of your local Wal-Mart. Everything is bland, overcooked, and ridiculously priced.   Once you've paid nearly $14 for their "orange peel chicken", you may privately hope to yourself that they might have the audacity to include some fried rice. This is your second mistake. Sadly, the bistro calls you on your bullshit. You get white or brown--fried rice is several dollars extra and not at all worth it.  Everything seems to be cooked just wrong--things that shouldn't be are too crispy, things that should be sauced are too dry, things that should taste good make you question the will of the gods, all the while you find there's no way to escape the treachery.  Things get more and more frustrating as you dig deeper: P.F. Changs, while sounding vaguely Asian, is a wholly American creation. It was founded by Paul Fleming (in Scottsdale, actually) with SOMEone with some Asian influence to spice it up a bit, named Philip Chiang. (They literally cut out the poor bastard's "i" so that it would "fit on the signs better," or, as I like to believe, not scare away the flyover-states-white-folk so.) It's highly Americanized (and yes, I've had Chinese food in China, but I've also enjoyed great "American Chinese" food here) to the point of regrettable blandness and it is SO VERY EXPENSIVE you may find your credit score taking a ding after eating a plate of "wok charred beef", listed as one of the saltiest foods in America.  The decoration is clumsy and their famous inclusion of terra cotta warriors are literally symbols of death. From Jennifer 8 Lee's Fortune Cookie Chronicles:  'But not everyone finds the terra-cotta warriors charming. "Chinese people would never put that in a restuarant," Jim told me, pointing at the statues. "It's not lucky. It's something you put at a burial site! But in America, they think it's a Chinese thing." From a Chinese perspective, P.F. Changs is decorated with death.'  Which is just fine, because everything there tastes like death anyway.
After another lunch meeting that I didn't quite have the gumption to suggest be moved, I figured it is time to finally review this place.    Once upon a time, I was a poor college student who ate at cheap places, but loved "gourmet" food.  P. F. Chang's somehow built a reputation, albeit hardly deserved, of offering high quality "gourmet" Chinese food.  So, naturally, I decided that I wanted to try P. F. Chang's.  One evening before I graduated, the team decided to celebrate our impending freedom from Michael Crow's tuitionary grasp by dining at the P.F. Chang's across the street.  I don't recall what I had, but I think it was a Singapore Chow Fun (or something to that effect).  It was...passable I guess, but it cost $15, and wasn't even close to being as good as the Singapore Chow Fun I've had at Chinese take-out places in New York, and it cost over twice as much.  This poor college student could tell right off hand that this place is incredibly overrated (its average 3-star review is still too generous).  Fast forward a few weeks, and I'm in Houston for a job training regime.  The group decides to hit up P.F. Chang's for dinner.  I figured, since the company is reimbursing, I might as well give it another shot.  The appetizers were the best part of my meal, and the rest... well, it was the same drab, flavorless ennui we have all grown to expect from this place.  Then, of course, there was our lunch last week (once again, I didn't pay.  P.F. Chang's now occupies an important spot on my list of places I would never pay to eat at).  I had the honey garlic chicken, which didn't taste honey, garlic, or anything else besides deep fried chunks of chicken dipped in a lame sweet and sour type sauce.  I only ate half of it, which is worth mentioning, if you knew me at all.  And don't get me started on those lettuce wraps.  Those are the most overrated dish in the history of corporate faux-ethnic cuisine.  The only reason I gave this two stars instead of one is because their less expensive offering, Pei Wei, manages to be EVEN WORSE!  I swear, Pei Wei has only one sauce, whether you buy the Thai or General Tso's.  Do yourself a favor and just stick with your local neighborhood Chinese take-out place.  You'll get better food for a lower price.
Cheapskate bartender tried to rip us off on a busy Saturday night, hoping we wouldn't see that he had overcharged us on our bill! Thankfully we did catch the "error"  and pointed it out to him. And guess what, the dude wasn't surprised at all. Didn't even pause a moment to check what we were telling him. Just mumbled some excuse and said "OK, I'll get the manager to fix it."   The food was strictly average. We ordered shrimp in lobster sauce and Chang's spicy chicken. Both orders came with a side of rice. We had lettuce wraps for appetizers, and though a lot of reviewers have commented on the lack of their authenticity, I liked them. A party of 20 or so near our table was celebrating some sort of farewell, and their laughter and talk made conversation impossible. Service was extremely slow, which I will put down to the Saturday night traffic. All in all, an average overpriced experience.
Read any other one star review,  it's true. I have only been here because other people want to go. Every sauce is the same. Just varying degrees of high fructose corn syrup and modified corn starch. I usually stick to vegetable dishes to avoid the meats that seem boiled, overly soft and bland. No texture or flavor except sugar and salt. The vegetables taste precooked and reheated since they never have any crunch. They are soft too so there is no texture to the meal. The soups like the hot & sour are so thick and gelatinous that they are more like dipping sauces. Tasted like the same sauce thats on the food, but more like a thick jello version. There is no redeeming value here. I have asked them before to not make the sauce so sweet and they said it wasn't possible because they're all pre-made. So weird since it IS expensive, it would make the most sense to stir fry the meals fresh and their problem would be pretty much solved. But, I think they're in the business of making money, not food.
I am not a fan of P.F. Chang's because it is a mega chain. I do, or I used to, like some of their dishes but now that I am a veggie/celiac I am no longer a fan.   Although P.F. Chang's has a gluten-free menu which is very helpful if you eat meat the option for a vegetarian is the Buddha's Feast which is a bowl of bland steamed veggies. Blah - you don't even get the option of any tofu or any spices or herbs...  And although normally I am willing to give 3 stars to a place that at least tries to accommodate a variety of diets, this particular P.F. Chang's gets a 2 star due to the terrible delivery of food. My full order of garlic snap peas (which is really quite good) came out as a half order. I had to ask whether it was a half and finally they sent out another half. Good thing I caught it otherwise we would have paid for the full. Then when I ordered the Buddha's Feast, I was asked if I wanted it stir fried to add some flavor and I said sure - that sounds great! But, when I received my dish, it was a bowl of steamed veggies (and not even fresh looking). When I inquired what happened to my stir fried version, another server explained something about a matrix and that the kitchen would have to do some stuff and yadda yadda. Well, in the end, I had to eat these boring, bland and flavorless steamed veggies.  I was also promised the gluten-free soy sauce which only came after I asked for it twice.  I gave P.F. Chang's a 2 star rating because the rest of my group enjoyed their meal for the most part. The beef and broccoli was so salty they couldn't eat it. The chow fun, the sweet n sour shrimp and the chicken lettuce wraps are what allowed me to give a 2 star rating.  Please make the mushroom lettuce wraps gluten-free and then I will be a fan of P.F. Chang's - buddha's feast just doesn't cut it.
I work in Tempe, and every day I bring my own lunch to work - except Fridays when I get take out from PF Changs. The crispy honey chicken lunch bowl is delicious and the employees are nice. The manager is always walking around with a big smile on his face.   I'm really picky so I modify my lunch bowl to remove the sauce and other parts of the dish and to also skip the soup. So basically I eat chicken and rice and ask for some sauce on the side. Today the manager told me that I can no longer order that because they can't have people "taking advantage" of the lunchbowls with modifications. I think this stinks for two reasons - one - they are actually saving with me because I don't take the soup and accoutrements.  Two - I come there almost every week and now..I guess I don't get to anymore unless I order the full size (which is wayyy to much for this belly).   Oh well! La Bocca is delicious and it is right across the street!
Uuuugh. The BF went and picked up food from PF changs tonight because we had a gift card and I still can't go out due to coldy fluish yuck disease.... wtf, I can't shake it. So I got wonton soup (for the throat), the BF got sweet and sour chicken and we shared some dumplings. The soup was so bland.... possibly the most bland wonton soup I have ever tried. The BF thought the sweet and sour chicken was alright.... but the menu says it is pan fried and the chicken is clearly deep fried... yuck. Also, They really don't give you a very large portion for what you pay.... most places I can eat the food for at least two days on what they give you, but the BF finished all maybe 10 pieces of chicken that were on his dish.  I would never pay to eat at this restaurant. Their food is so ridiculously bad for you and expensive. Their double pan fried noodles have just about a full day's worth of sodium and calories... ugh. I do not understand how the PF Changs all stay in business.... they're just not good. I had better chinese food yesterday and the entrees cost 5$....
I hope you like salt and have never had Asian food before beyond Panda Express or Kyoto bowl.  The fact that PF Chang's is allowed to exist by China (to whom the US owes its existence). Here's a tip for Asian cuisine: are there Asian's there? If the answer is no...  I have never had more consistently bad service and tasting food. I cannot requisite ever going there again. I recommend yo skip it. If you are looking for Chinese food in the valley give this a wide berth.  BTW Pei Wei is also PF Changs. I would review them separately but cannot get up the ambition to discuss bad memories any more...
Salt levels are high enough to be legally classified as a food preservative!  I got the double fried noodles with pork, shrimp and vegetables.  Well, they DROWNED the dish with enough salty sauce (maybe 1.5-2 cups) to make it more like a soup than anything else.  Also, It was a struggle to find more than a few shavings on meat in the dish, disappointing.  I'm pretty sensitive to salt in my food because of my blood pressure and my best estimate is that this one dish probably had 5,000mg sodium in it.  Ambience - I appreciate the effort to be helpful, but we were brusquely interupted 9 times during our lunch.  Come on people - if my water glass is empty then discreetly fill it up, don't ask me LOUDLY if I want more water while interupting my conversation. At that point, you're not providing good service, it's just amateurish crap.  Would I go back? If I did, I'd order something very lite on the sauce, but then I'd discover that I'd ordered a meat and veg dish with minimal meat and veg.  So, what's the point coming back?  So PF Changs - BFD that you sponsor a marathon!? - what good is that when you make people sick afterwards with your insanely salty food, eh?
Glorified panda express  With that generalization aside I was willing to give ol PF Changs another try when they served me a steamed shanghai shrimp dish that was devoid of flavor  Thinking less flavor meant a healthier meal I alas was given a shocking reminder of how this place sodium bombs there dishes when I read the nutritional info   'tear
Went here for a friend's birthday, so we had a large party. Nevertheless, the food was terrible, I was the only one not to receive my food with the others and I had to pester the servers for my dish, then the sauces that should come with it. Despite the large party the servers were extremely unattentive and the manager was quite rude. Everything was over-priced. Can't figure out why this place was packed!
When you want to park for this restaurant you have to use the parking garage on Ash but as long as there isn't an event you can get parking validated.   As soon as we walked in I hated our hostess, she was not polite at all asked us if we wanted indoor or outdoor seating, it was a nice day so we chose outside and she sat us, we didn't run into her until later...  As far as our waitress goes (the blonde from Michigan) she was nice.   It was lunch, so our meals were under $10 dollars, that's cool I guess. I ordered the Vegetarian Fried Rice with a salad. The dressing was good, and the meal was good as well, I always add sweet & sour sauce to my rice and this was all fine and dandy.   The downfall to sitting outside is the restaurant sits on two very busy crossroads. Mill Ave and University. So enjoying the outside isn't as much fun with all the hooligans walking around and all the cars honking (because people in Arizona don't know how to drive)  I thought we were gonna leave on a good notice, but that's not how it ended. The hostess that I was telling you about in the beginning, just let's call her skin tight mini skirt girl, was the one giving us our validated card and when I asked a simple question just to make sure I would be doing it correctly, and he response made me feel like I was a dumb ass. "Ummm no, you stick that in the machine." Anyone who is gonna start a response as an "Um" is completely unprofessional. She then started dancing around for one of her co-workers about how she was "off work". This girl was no doubt a party college girl who only cared about getting one night stands with bro dudes.   At the end of the day I'm really disappointed that as a company they are hiring girls like that to represent them.
- generic main dishes  -dry rice white and brown -great service , very friendly -small portions when it comes to food fun fact- the kung pow shrimp is breaded so if  you think you are trying to be healthy ordering the shrimp think again at P.F. Changs
I probably shouldn't review PF Changs, but feel it's my civic duty to warn anyone who still believes this is "Chinese" food, it's fusion, pretty Americanized and for whatever reason, always gives me the runs. ALWAYS! It's probably me, and you would think I have learned my lesson, but I try every so often to see if my stomach can handle it and every time, PF Chang's you bastard, you beat me.
Food isn't very tasty... i tried several times for business lunches and was never delighted. This review is for vegetarian side of the menu.
Literally...the worst dining experience of my life. So much went wrong (I will TRY to keep it short).  I made a reservation for 8pm, 8 people on a Saturday. I called at 5pm, giving ample notice. Walk in at 7:58 (2 minutes early) and the table isn't ready. No bother, we wait outside, chit chat but happen to notice a very sparsely occupied patio, which we could have sat at. 20 minutes later. No table. Finally at 8:40 we sit down. What use are reservations? But this isn't the worst part...  We sit and wait for another 10 minutes and are approached by a frantic server: Can I get you drinks? Sure. We order an excess. (You're about to get tipped well if you can make this happen tonight).  Waiting on the drinks...my throat is getting parched...where are the drinks? We get them another 20 minutes later (It's already 9pm folks...an hour after I was supposed to have my table). Here comes Mr. Frantic again - Brings 2 drinks...we're missing some.  He apologizes and confesses he forgot to ring in the other.. Ya kidding me? Finally drops it off. Cool...   But the fun doesn't stop there. My friend orders an appetizer. Expresses she wants THIS to be her entree...to be brought out with everyone else's. It does not happen. He just stares at the table, his mouth agape. Say something. Fix this. Send the Manager over. Do something.  Next up? I don't eat meat...I am served meat. Cool. Frantic Server Dude is now blaming someone else for this transgression and has the Manager come over to drop off my meager  portion of food. The MANAGER says nothing. Not "Sorry, not how are you this evening? Apologies n such." Just drops it off, and forces a smile. What are we doing wrong here as patrons? Am I on freaking Candid Camera?! (what happened to that show anyway...)  Ugh...At this point we all just want to shovel food down our throats and get the hell out. We do the 2 for $40 deal. Where's the dessert we ordered? Blame the Cooks Magoo has his back turned to our table, and is chatting away with his friends. This is not a joke. We sit...and sit...and sit...Ya think he would have turned around at some point to, I don't know: Check on his customers who are going to be tipping him.  Finally my friend taps him on the shoulder and asks if he can box up the dessert so we can just take it with us.  I open my leftovers today and not everything's in there. I hate this place. Hate. Slow...yet the servers run around like chickens with their heads cut off. The food isn't great, that's IF they can get your order right in the first place. It's pointless getting a reservation. OH and IT WAS MY BIRTHDAY.  They knew this! Their home office should really make a secret shop and see what's happening at the Mill Ave location.  Ya suck.  Don't eat here. I know it's Mill...but save yourself the 2 hour shit show I experienced.
The 'P' stands for 'poor' yes? A generally very well run chain, this one is to be avoided - seems to be ran by 9 year olds who are long on appologies, short on resolution. Don't bother making a reservation, they don't honor the system. The food is ok, but the experience? There are SO many better places in Tempe. Give this one a miss.
One of the worst restaurant experiences I had in a while. The service was incredibly slow. Our first dish was the chicken lettuce wraps. The white noodle crisps that come with the chicken lettuce wraps were so hard and burnt, and when my mom ate some of them in her wrap, she chipped her tooth! We politely told our waitress about it, and she just LAUGHED and walked away. No apology, no "I'll talk to the cook about that." It's like that was her plan all along , and she was so happy that customers were receiving bodily harm from the food. The rest of the food took forever to arrive, to the point where we eventually had to find SOMEONE that passed by to ask what was going on. The sea bass that arrived was the worst cooked fish we've ever tasted. It tasted old, rough, and the spinach it came with was the worst spinach ever (the sauce tasted like a cigarette,  the spinach was raw, and parts of it had giant amounts of salt piled on!). I mean, how do you screw up spinach? I've tasted this same dish at the P.F. Chang's at King of Prussia in Pennsylvania, and it tastes so much better and so completely different. Our mongolian beef dish here was very rough and again had an overwhelming amount of burnt white noodle crisps. The only dish that was semi-edible was the beef lo mein, and even that had a lot of salt. Our waitress eventually came over to ask how we were liking the food, and we hesitated. We could kind of predict that she would just laugh and walk away. But she kept standing there, so we eventually told her the spinach was too salty and under cooked. And guess what - she laughed and walked away. Again.  Awful service, awful food.
I guess I'll start with the good.  The service was excellent. The waiter was incredibly nice and we got a complimentary lettuce wrap appetizer since it had been a while since we had visited. The waiter was attentive and really nice. Even offered to get us a GF lettuce wrap for my boyfriend.   The mediocre: the food.  It was okay. I guess. You know what you're getting when you go to a PF Chang's and I must have forgotten it's just bland. My boyfriend said his fried rice was good. But how can you mess up fried rice?   And, the bad.  The floor was disgusting. It was covered in food. I watched someone clear a table and just push the food onto the floor. No one came by and swept it up. It wasn't just one part of the restaurant. There was food all over the entire floor and this is no exaggeration. It was really gross and off-putting.   There are other restaurants to go to down on Mill that are much cleaner.
OK I will start with the good parts of this place. The Hostess was sweet. She even helped us with the Validation of the parking. The Lettuce wraps were good. That is where it ends. I can honestly say, we will never come here again for any reason. Nor would I ever encourage anyone to eat here.  What has happened to P.F. Chang's???  I mean honestly! We were greeted by the hostess who put us at a nice table by the window. After sitting down I could see the table was dirty. There was grease all over it and I had a dirty plate in my area. When Kinnesy came to tell us she would be helping us out tonight. I asked if we could get the table wiped down and I showed her the grease all over it. She did come back and wipe it down,then disappeared, in her place came over a male server, who then told us he would be taking care of us instead.  He seemed good at first. He told us about a few things on the menu.  I got hot Tea and my friend got Ice Tea, they had Mango and regular.  He ordered regular. About an hour later he had to ask for another Ice Tea, he got it but, it was Mango. We got the 2 for $40.00, which does not include your drinks. It came with soup.  Somewhere after we received the lettuce wraps things went downhill. We never got any appetizer plates. We had to ask for them. That is OK because, things like that can happen. Then another server brought us out our main dishes. 2 meals one bowl of white rice. We had both ordered Brown rice. Again no Dinner plates. We had to ask for those as well. We never even got any water to drink. I have to say in all the time we sat there waiting for everything, I really noticed how dirty the floor was.  They would just wipe the floors down and paper ,rice, food, everything right on to the floor.  They were not even busy here, there were 11 tables occupied ours being one of them. There were 5 servers. We waited and Waited, and waited for the dessert to come out. I really wanted it to go at this point we had been there for 1 and half hours. I was so ready to go. It was a simple meal that took forever. The hostess had to go to find the waiter to tell him we wanted our check. I could see him in the doorway of the Kitchen eating. Just give us our dessert and check and we will be out of here like 25 min ago. The dessert were Wontons that had been micro waved. They were hard and the mixture inside was bubbling. Gross! We waited so long that we finally just left the $$$ on the Table and left. I have to say it was my very worst dining experience.
Well, hate to say it, but I will never come here again.  This place has gone so far down hill I will not waste another moment here ever! The Hostess was great! Very helpful and friendly. Our table was dirty with dirty dishes on it, the dishes were meant to be clean. But, grease all over them. Gross!  Our food took for ever to come out. It was not good when it did. I never got a refill on my Ice tea. Just have to say , I do not know how this place is still in Business.  You have to get your parking ticket validated. Which the hostess did, and I was grateful for that. Just have to say.. Stay away from this place.
My boyfriend and I love P.F Changs. Not this location! It was our first visit here. My boyfriend is here on a business trip and we decided to go out for a nice dinner. Well, not the best restaurant experience. It was still wonderful, since I was with his company:) Food was great and our waitress was ok. And they are the reason i'm giving it two stars. Otherwise, i'd be giving it none. Costumer service when we first walked in was HORRIBLE. We totally got ignored by the manager, who's name i believe is johnny, rudely bypassed us and decided to first sit the people behind us. He had clearly seen us. Ugh! So rude! First impressions are so important, and i was already ready to walk out seconds after walking in. But decided to still give this place another try and  waited for the real hostess to seat us, but it was still a challenge since she said we couldn't get our seating of choice, when clearly there was free tables. We had to wait until there was one "available" seating of our choice. Upsetting. I had lost my appetite... I think that's why we had to doggy bag most of our food. I've never had such bad experience at any restaurant like here, specially not within my first min of walking in. But, decided to stay and enjoy our dinner, inspite. Food was really good and our waitress was friendly and kept checking up on us. But, we will definitely NOT come here again. Don't expect good service here. Prepare to be ignored. Also utensils had dry gunk on them waitress had to bring replacement, no iced tea refills until we were about to pay our bill. "Uh, no thanks" Oh, as we were walking out the same "manager" was at hostess station.  We asked for parking validation to hostess; and manager just stared, no words, while the hostess bid us good evening.  Ps. Check your doggy bag before you leave, seemed like not all my left over food was there. And they had to add something that was left out from a separate to go order.  Good luck! :)
Let me try to be brief..Stay Away from this pf changs including their rude floor manager Jonny that was just an ass or very ignorant!!..Greasy plates,greasy utensils and i guess our waitress kyleigh eat half of my main course that  i asked to be packed togo because my togo food came back in a lil box which i didn't realize til i got home!!Food Great , Kyleigh gave great service but my food probably didn't fit in the box so she threw it out or eat it LoL!!! True Story...You'll regret not listening if you decide to dine here!!..
Pf Chang's has really gone downhill in the last few months. Apparently after renovations they felt like they could increase prices without actually making the restaurant better. We came in last weekend for an early dinner before a movie, and I left with a bad taste in my mouth. My husband ordered a Woodford reserve on the rocks with a splash of soda water and I ordered a Woodford reserve Manhattan; my husband's glass seemed really full and watered down and I received a very sweet old fashioned. I let our waitress know about the wrong drink order, the harm no foul, but it took awhile to get my correct drink. My entree had good flavor but it was overcooked. The worst part was the bill. Two cocktails, an appetizer and two entrees cost $63 ($75 after tip)?! Each Woodford cocktail cost $10.75, what is this, scottsdale?? I bartend at a bar in Tempe and know this is price gauging.   This will be my last visit to pf Chang's for a long time. There are too many great restaurants in the valley  to throw my hard earned toward mediocracy.
I've only been to P.F. Chang's once, with a big group of co-workers, and I remember thinking that the food there was fine, in a suburban-mall sort of way. But even though its younger sibling, Pei Wei, nails the sexy interior design and appealing assortment of pan-Asian entrees you'd want in this sort of place, the execution leaves a lot to be desired.   We perused the menu and settled on three hard-to-fumble options: a Thai-style green chicken curry, orange-peel beef, and Pei Wei spicy chicken --- their approximation of General Tso's --- plus a side of edamame. Each entree came with a choice of white or brown rice.  As we waited for our food, I remarked that the decor seemed unexpectedly pleasant, maybe even nice enough for a casual date.  It's the kind of place you can imagine popping into while shopping, a little more upscale than the food court, but not a 'for-real' restaurant.  The edamame were served warmish, and tasted just like they do everywhere else. The Pei Wei chicken turned out to be everyone's favorite, although I definitely wouldn't call it spicy (even though the menu does). We enjoyed the green curry's flavor, although the chicken turned out more like meat-jelly, probably the result of over-marinating. The beef was the disappointment of the bunch, a sitcky-sweet mess of strangely chewy meat garnished with with huge slices of carrot... huh? The accompanying white rice was fine, but the brown rice was seriously undercooked: It rattled like gravel when stirred.
I only came to this place because I have some coworkers that love this place so I went along.  Not ever having been here I decided to go with the Orange Chicken (white meat) entree with the fried rice.  The employee's at the counter taking my order were not that friendly but I made small talk with them and they seemed to be more friendlier...they must have been having a bad day or something.  My coworker's and I seated ourselves and when our food was ready it was brought over to us.  We got extra plates and shared some of our food with each other to see what we liked and disliked. The food is ok...I mean it's not anything special.  Nothing really stood out to me like I must have this again. All in all, they like to come here but then they must not enjoy eating great food!  I've had it twice and I most-likely won't go back unless I'm dragged again kicking and screaming!
I have eaten here a few times. The first few times were good but the last two times my food order has been wrong. The staff don't seem to care. Crazy but service is really just as important as food quality when it comes to restaurants
Was psyched to hear they have a gluten-free menu. Although there are only 2 flavors-Pei Wei Spicy & the sweet & sour. That's good for my SO since he likes sweet & sour. I'm not a s&s fan so I'm stuck with just rice- would have liked the spicy but it's made with chicken broth so not vegetarian friendly which explains why they only list meat options on their gluten-free menu. If they would switch to veggie broth then we would get takeout weekly. But I can't get satisfied with just rice so they lost my biz. Staff is friendly but some really have no clue about the gf menu - for take out they gave packets of regular soy sauce when they have gf tamari. 2 stars because they made an attempt, and with a few tweaks could be a 4 or even 5 star.
This was horrific. Flavorless and lacking any character. I had the Orange steak, marked as spicy, almost no flavor. I got a tiny bit of heat and only tasted orange if I bit a piece of rind. The rice was seriously overcooked and blown out. Also had the Hot and sour soup, No hot no sour, only what appeared to be a gelatinous gummy mass from too much corn starch. My roommate opted for the chicken fried rice. All you could taste is salt and oil. She also had the egg rolls. Once again the predominant flavor was the cooking oil. I really did not even have high expectations. Just Chinese takeout. I expected oil and salt. But really Pei Wei has raised the bar on how poorly simple dishes can be prepared. The staff was about as would be expected at this price point, nothing to write home about. Unfortunate really since the restaurant space was nice and clean as well as appropriately lit and appointed. I definitely will not be going back and likely will be guiding friends away from this establishment.
My shrimp Lo Mein Diner Select was missing some veggies as listed on the menu, and they were added after I pointed that out. My meal was to go, and when I got home I found there was no sauce on the entree. The menu lists a red wine sauce and garlic, and I tasted neither in this meal. It tasted like no seasoning was added at all. The hot & sour soup, however, was very good. I've had some very good entrees at Pei Wei, and this was the worst. At this Pei Wei and other Las Vegas area locations, the same thing has happened with missing ingredients when I get meals to go. All in all, a pretty disappointing meal.
Not worth the money. First time I came here & ordered the spicy Korean from the lunch menu. There wasn't much flavor to the dish other than being spicy. The rice was dry,the chicken was dry. You're better off at panda express. 2 stars for the nice decor & friendly service.
I debated giving 1 or 2 stars.  I decided on 2 because the employees/service/atmosphere is definitely a plus.  In particular I found the employees to be very helpful, friendly and fast.  But the food just isn't very good.  The menu descriptions sound exciting and make me want to try every one.  Unfortunately the dishes are overly sweetened to mask the fact they are missing any real flavor.  So you end up with a dry and tasteless dish.  I have tried 3 different items and came away with the same impression on all of them.  I will wait a few months and see if they make any changes before giving them another chance.  The prices are fair and service is good, so if they figure out they need to improve the food they might be able to turn it around.
Decided to give them another try, as my 1st visit was week one.  The Thai wonton soup - tasteless broth with a couple of chards of something green w/ 3 tiny undercooked hard-as-a-rock wontons.  Thai chicken lettuce cups - very fresh and well formed lettuce - more chopped cucumber than was called for - the chicken was overcooked, and tasteless except for the overabundance of  (probably not fresh) line juice and sugar.  See ya!
First off- do not order or eat the lettuce wraps.  A lady friend of mine that worked here explained how they come up with the filling for that dish and it's not appetizing.  Other than that it's OK, but their newer sister stores "Pei Wei" are better.  There are better places to eat.
PF Changs stinks. Lousy food, lousy drinks, lousy service.
Went here about two months ago and am only now getting around to reviewing it. I think that should stand for something in terms of my experience there.  The service was ridiculous. If one is going to charge the prices they charge for regular Americanized asian food... at LEAST make sure the menus you hand people are clean. Or your plates for that matter. Or silverware. Seriously! Did EVERYTHING have to be covered in grit or a mysterious sticky substance?  Next up... the menu. Not everyone eats meat. How about a little more choices for us who prefer tofu over dead animal?  I ordered the Coconut Curry Vegetables. Bland bland bland. I've had more flavor out of an unseasoned packet of ramen. And would it kill them to actually put some tofu on the plate?  I guess I just don't understand the hype. The prices are ridiculous for the quality received. You're better off going to some little hole in the wall place where the food actually tastes like food and not reheated leftovers.
My rating is based on my experience at the Kierland Commons location. I have been a P.F. Chang's customer since they opened, and have hosted many business lunches, family lunches, dinners an special occasions over the past years.  2 stars for marginal service & average food quality. This chain started off as 4 stars and has been in a steady decline since 2006.  I just gave P.F. Chang's a chance to redeem themselves last week with a party of 8. The food was a 3, the overall experience was below average. I tried to engage the server and have some fun but she was a ROBOT and did the absolute minimum.
Short and Sweet....  Food - Mediocre at best  Service - Poor  I just don't get the popularity of PF Changs. Whenever I buy lunch for my office and warehouse they choose Changs. I always try a different dish and am never satisfied. How much gourmet-tized Panda express items can be had at this joint? I keep trying to find an item I could put in the memory bank for the innevitable future order for the workers. So far I have not found that dish.  This is by far and wide Americanized, Sticky, Salty and Sweet Chinese food with a limited vegetable offering.  I have had the Sea Bass which was dry and refused to flake. I have had the Mushu Pork and this dish was out of the many, the better of the rest. The Duck was dry and the skin lacked that aromatic licorice roasted skin flavor. Then there is the Panda Express Staples. Orange chicken, Lemon Chicken, Sweet and Sour, Beef Mongolllian, Beef With Brocoli, Low Mein, Kung Pao etc.   It may be for you if you like that kind of food. I find it to be very overpriced for mediocre food. If it was fantastic you could not put a price on this that I would not pay. I will say, I went to the restaurant and ordered Ma Pao Tofu and it was at least better than expected.  If you like more "City" style chinese food I do suggest Nee House although their  service sucks, Prime on Camelback, Jade Palace is pretty good, Hong Kong House on Mcdowell and for a nostalgic kick in the ass with relatively good ChinaTown dishes try Dragon Palace. These places are less expensive and taste much better than Changs. Heres a pointer too, if chinese chefs are cooking your food....well, who better?
The one time I went to this restaurant, I was shocked at how high our bill was in the end, and the food was frankly not even that good.  My digestive track can be sensitive at times, and usually the only time food doesn't sit well with me is when I do something stupid like order fast food from McDonald's or Arby's.  I discovered that, for all intents and purposes, PF Chang's food went down just like McDonald's does for me, only it cost me five times as much for the experience.
Love the food and the happy hour where you can experiment and try several dishes, sort of a Spanish tapa restaurant. Chicken lettuce wraps are always a winner!  Great decor, cozy, reasonable prices ... BUT a consistently uncaring, careless almost arrogant service all three times I've been here. And the wait staff isn't young and inexperience so I'm at a loss why they can't be more customer-service oriented.  Shucks. Love the food, so maybe take-out is the way to go or just avoid this location.
You hear quite often how people just LOVE this place.  I thought it was a regular Chinese restaurant on steroids.  We had a gift certificate so we took our friend there for his birthday.  The service was OK until we were done with our meals.  The empty, dirty plates sat on our table for a good 10 minutes while our server cleaned the tables around us.  I would be a little more understanding if it weren't close to closing time and those other dirty tables needed to be cleaned in order to be sat again, but it was about 30 minutes from close and 3/4 of the restaurant was empty.   The food was ok.  Nee House is so much better though, without the hype.  Unless we have a gift certificate we wouldn't seek this place out.
I called on 12/30/12 to find out how late they were open in NYE and they informed me until 10pm. Tonight I called at approx 9pm only to be told that the pickup wouldnt be until 1030!  I hadnt even told them my order? I was then put on hold and when they came back on the phone now they were no longer taking orders.  REALLY??? I will NEVER go there!
Bogus forced wait for 30 min.  15 empty tables but scam delay and "recommendation" to wait in bar. Nice effort to drive the revenue up.  Not cool guys.  Suddenly table became available 5 minutes after NOT going to the bar.   Food and service good overall. Just not happy with hostess.
This is the closest location to our house, so when we're in the mood for PF Changs, this is our spot.  We have our fav dishes here:  Tofu Lettuce Wraps http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/p-f-changs-china-bistro-scottsdale?select=lTmGIEKaeJusWJtgYcXPfg#lTmGIEKaeJusWJtgYcXPfg http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/p-f-changs-china-bistro-scottsdale?select=QmpwvGbfbA0WnCorx5mJng#QmpwvGbfbA0WnCorx5mJng  Dali Chicken  Tofu Pad Thai http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/p-f-changs-china-bistro-scottsdale?select=aYtcX1h_FTZ7Fl4ugE8abw#aYtcX1h_FTZ7Fl4ugE8abw  We like the unique flavor of PF Changs, but it's not on our regular rotation of restaurants anymore.  We only come by when we get the urge to have one of their signature dishes like the Dali Chicken or Tofu Lettuce Wraps.  The food tastes the same, but I think they've cut down on their portion size over the past few years while keeping prices the same.....sneaky.  For instance, with the Lettuce Wraps, we only got 3 small Lettuce leaves with the order.  In the past, we'd get 1/2 a head of Lettuce with large leaves.  Also, I remember when we would be able to share entrees and eat family style.  Now, it's not really possible.  The service here is hit & miss.  The last visit, we had to waive down our server for everything.....refill water glasses, order more Wine, WTH?!  However, the 2 visits before that our server was attentive.  Return Factor - 50%
Desperate times call for desperate measures. While normally avoiding this type of place, I'm feeling under the weather and a friend offered to go pick up something for me. It's close and I could order online. But the pad Thai? Death my salt. So salty, I needed to add sweetness, so I drizzled some honey on it so it would be edible. As for the vegetable coconut curry, it was awful. Way too salty, and overall a boring dish. The tiny side of rice tasted like it had been sitting in the rice cooker all day. totally dry. I should have known better. My bad. Waste of $20.
Called in tonight for take out. We were told our small order would take 50 minutes...huh? That's awhile! Then learned it would take 80 minutes. 80 minutes for take out! Sorry. There is better food elsewhere.
Avoid the PF Chang's at Kierland.  Loud, randomly chosen music.  Chicken lettuce wraps - chicken burned, should use newer lettuce.    Need to pay more attention to food preparation and quality.
Quality of food has decreased rapidly: constant change of management. Not responsive to constructive suggestions as simple as food not cooked, food has no taste etc.
The worst service period. Waited over an hour and still no food. Morons are running this place with a horrible wait staff. Will never go there again.
You go to this place if you enjoy extremely long wait time even when there is hardly any customers and/or you enjoy poor staff attitude. Avoid otherwise.
Terrible service. What a waste to spend $ and time to come here for lunch. I called my order in an hour prior to pick up. Had to wait 15 min for it and then it was made wrong. Thankfully I work next door so I was able to bring it back over to be fixed. However upon my return no one apologized for the error or inconvenience of having to come back. Cleary their team needs a lesson in what customer service is. I would give them zero stars if that was an option.
I don't get why so many raves for this chain.  It's decent but each dish is way over the top with garlic.  If you ask though they can cut it back for you on some dishes and the lettuce wraps.
Want to experience one of the most poorly run chains in Scottsdale...look no further than this P.F. Chang's!!!  Placed a take out order over an hour in advance and still had to wait 50 minutes for the order once I got there.  Sat and watched customer after customer walk out in disgust having waited a long time only to receive nothing.  As I sat waiting, they lied and lied to customers - "only a few more minutes", "order is just coming out now", "order will be out shortly", and the promise of a discount or gift cards for waiting.  None of this was true.  As I was leaving, my order magically appeared.  I get it home only to notice that my rice is missing and the ribs are cold and have clearly been sitting out for quite some time.  I ordered ribs and tofu, btw, nothing more.  This isn't my first issue with P.F., this exact scenario has happened to me twice before at the Kierland location.  I like their tofu and green beans so I keep trying but I've been visiting less and less because of the constant frustration.  There are other Kierland restaurants that I frequent that don't seem to suffer the same problems that P.F. has, I suggest you try them instead.
Haven't eaten yet, but ordered a mojito from the bar and it was really bad. Too much simple syrup and only 2 small bar-slices of lime. I had to pour in a whole tall glass of soda water to make it drinkable. When the hostess brought us to the table it was obvious that it hadn't been wiped down. We just ordered. May have an update later. OK, just finished the meal. Mongolian Beef was good, my chicken dish was also too sweet and the vegetables were so over-cooked that they were mush. Rice was hard on top like it had been put in the single serving bowl over an hour prior to being brought to our table. Garlic-chile noodles were just OK. Not a single piece of fresh garlic or red chile flakes even though we asked for extra spicy. And even that dish was slightly sweet!   What is with all the sugary sweet sauces in this place?   Check for 2 with 2 cocktails and tip was around $75.  I could have had 2-3 great meals at my regular place for Chinese (see my other reviews) - oh well, lesson learned.
I'm only here...still waiting for a table because I have to use a gift card I received. I've watched 6 tables stay empty for 25 minutes. I understand they take reservations,  but their operations flow is slow and the front of the house staff doesn't seem terribly concerned with the starving patrons that have congregated outside.  This review probably won't matter because people love Pf changs no matter what.  I won't return though.
Last night, Saturday night we went to Kierland P F Chang for dinner and had the worst dinning experience ever!!!! After waiting for more than an hour we were seated starving!!! ordered Calamari for the appetizer which came with a side of salt and pepper and a strange tasting salty sauce. For our main coarse I ordered a simple well known dish of beef and broccoli, my husband ordered a vegetable dish with peanut sauce. After a long wait my food came but it was so salty that was not eatable and I had to tell our waiter and he agreed to change it for a less salt version of it. My husband's meal was OK. after another long wait my dish came, this time less salty but the meat tasted like liver and it made my stomach  turn. It was nasty!!! Now, I believe that is why they put so much salt to cover up the nasty rotten meat taste!!! My Saturday night dinner was ruined.  our waiter was very nice and sympathetic. I will not go back to this place again.
We went here instead of waiting out a table at True Foods.  I typically do not eat Chinese food - I'm more of a fan of Japanese or Thai.  I went here with family - who seemed happy with their lunches.  I ordered the Eggplant dish (one of the few vegetarian options).  It was ok - the sauce was very thick and salty - not really to my taste.  It was OK, but definitely not something I would want to try again.  I'd recommend sticking out the wait at True Foods or another restaurant in the area.
Waited much longer than the hostess told us the wait would be, not a big deal. Sat down and was greeted with a very "chain" sort of greeting. Ordered tuna appetizer and drinks followed by a dinner order a bit later. Appetizers didn't come before main coarse did. I had the spicy chicken and it tasted good but like something I could make with a Safeway card and an oven - nothing special. The waiter, who knows what their name is because the bill is illegible, apologized for the appetizer being late and said he would comp it, great, thanks. The kids were tired and we needed to go so we asked for a check. Next thing I know. that  "free" appetizer was gone, even though we hadn't finished more than half of it. Why in the heck would a server take away uneaten food without talking with the customer about their intentions with the food. Mediocre food + horrible service = bad review. There are plenty of places to choose from in Scottsdale, save your money and go somewhere else.
We tried the new Pie Zanos at Cactus and Tatum tonight. I have to agree with previous posts that say it's the "Subway" of pizza.  The Mediterranean Salad was good, but the Pizza's were bland, the crust was nondescript, and the toppings had no flavor. We had the Baked Ravioli app, they were good, but the marinara sauce was cold.     I LOVE pizza, but this place was truly lacking, I wouldn't go back. It left me longing for Nick's across the street.
So I am really at a loss for the how the reviews for this place are any good.  I went due to a snag and save deal I got online and am grateful for it because I still spent too much money.  First I got a salad and it had stale croutons and really no flavor.  Then came the pizza.  I got the Boarder Runner pie and it had premade crust and just generic low quality toppings.  I just don't get the idea of the restaurant and really wish they cared more about the product they put on the table.
I liked the pizza but...  We both used debit cards to pay. They give us a receipt, no problem. Then they come to our table and tell us, sorry the card didn't go through we need to run them again. We both reluctantly give them our cards to be run again. Another receipt, ok I'll be checking my account to make sure I was only charged once. Then they tell us AGAIN that the card didn't go through. I said look, I am not comfortable with my card being run three times for one meal. The nice lady said don't worry about it, it was our fault, your meals are on us.  So at that point we both said ok, we will come back again. They took care of it the way they should have. But the story doesn't end there. They come to our table AGAIN and tell us sorry, the owner said we have to charge you. I said no way are you running my card again, this is ridiculous. The guy said ok I'll pay for your meals out of my own pocket. And said he was sorry. Well, it wasn't his fault and we didn't want him to have to pay for our meals. So we gave them our cards AGAIN and got our third receipt.  It wasn't the staff's fault, the machine was not working properly. But the owner telling them that we had to pay after they had already to us we didn't was really bad business. He couldn't swallow $20 to keep two customers happy?  Well we won't be back. If he is that greedy he won't get our business.
Value is the key word in this equation. If I spend 15 on a pizza, I want a decent pizza. This left the lady and I looking at each other wondering where the rest of it was. We ended up scavenging for salad stuff at home to ensure we were filled up.   The pizza was good, but not what I really was hoping to get. Sorry guys, but I'll be going back to Barro's for my pie...
What a great concept for making money. Buy a Quiznos type toasting machine, some 12" pizza dough rounds, slap some ingredients on top and ship them down he conveyor belt and wham'o! you have a $15 gourmet pizza. I can't even fathom the profit margin on those little puppies. The pizza tastes good but so does a lot of other pizza, it is only exceptional in the fact it is an exceptionally horrible value. $30 (including $5 tip) got us a 12" pizza (Greek @ 15.99) and Anti Pasta salad ($7.74). Even now I am trying to do the math in my head an figure out how it was so much money.    We picked up the pizza and salad to go and immediately drove to Little Caesars to gets something to fill what was going to be a giant hole in our stomachs.
First with the good, every tasted good.  Now the bad one the price to start and the portions.  The pizza we purchased was 40.00 and maybe should have been 20.00.  The large pizza is the size of any regular small pizza.  We tryed it because it was new to us and will never be back.  Don't waste your time or money try Pullanos a real pizza place.
CLOSED. Went yesterday 9/25 and there was a "For Lease" sign over the Pie Zanos sign
I give this place four stars for decor and service, subtracting two for overall value.  Not price...value.  In my opinion, PF Chang's is galactically overpriced takeout food, with the singular exception of their chicken lettuce wraps.  These are amazing, at least as much as that can apply to lettuce, and the only thing I would order again.  I've had several dishes, and end up feeling disappointed in each one- I love me some kung pao- theirs has simply been extraordinarily oily on the two occasions I've ordered it.    OTOH, I have a couple of friends who swear by this place for their girls' nights out- to each her own.
Three Words:  Overpriced Chinese Food  For a chain, it's not that bad chinese food - not authentic, definitely what you call "Americanized Chinese Food", I'm always confused why they come to your table with their "special sauces" and then mix it, it's just soy sauce, hot sauce and mustard, am I not correct?  The portions are smaller than a usual Chinese joint and did I say over-priced?  I guess if you're in Madison this could be the place to go for Chinese, but then  you have to pay more for not even really good Chinese.  I've been here more than once with my family, we always seem to gravitate towards here if we want Chinese and we want to sit-down and eat.  The service here isn't the best either, they seem to just pride themselves in there fancy, over-the top atmosphere of "Chinese" decorations and huge horse statues mounted outside the front doors.
We stopped here in the early afternoon to get some food to take home and enjoy.   I had heard some raves about this restaurant and my hopes were high.  When we stepped in there was no one there to great us at the carry out desk.   Understandable as it was a bit early and not the main entrance area.   We waited about 10 minutes and someone finally noticed us.  They apologized and took our order. During our wait we had the opportunity to watch the kitchen staff sort of laze about the kitchen area.  They could start with the pans that were left laying on the floor.  The area looked unkempt.   The restaurant looked dark and uninviting.  It reminded me of being back stage after the production of a high school musical.   Sounds a little weird I guess but that is what came to mind. The food arrived in ok time and off we went. Some of the flavors were a little better than what you find at Chinese take out places.  The portions were smaller than we expected.  Nothing that spectacular and nothing to rave about. May give them a second chance some day but there are many more places to check out before we go back again.
I have been to pf chang's many times and the food was quite good. Me and my husband went there recently and i feel that their quality has gone down. We ordered vegetable dumplings and it was very bad. We could hardly find any veggies inside. We also ordered vegetable fried rice and it was just average.
the food is great, almost always. However, the customer service is horrid, and has been for the past two years. I lived in Chicago previously, and frequented the PF Changs there. The wait staff's attentiveness at that location, which is 100 times busier, was much better. For the price, PF Changs should hire some better wait staff. It has turned us off of one of our favorite restaurants.
Utter overpriced garbage. The vegetables do taste fresh and the tofu actually has some taste but there is one problem with the few things I've had - they apparently have no idea what spices are. It has got to be the safest, most boring sodium laced food I've ever had. Ma-po tofu last time I checked was a spicy food, what I had was about as spicy as butter popcorn from the movie theater.
Don't do it. Just don't. You're better of with some frozen boxes out of the freezer section of the grocery store.   Our dish was half hot, warm in the middle, and cold on the other side. The dessert was stale and bland.   BF was BLOATED like he was in his third trimester and miserable for TWO days after. Ew.
Easy to give them 1 star and move on. The frozen PF Changs from grocery freezer is better than this place.
I had the chicken lettuce wrap appetizer and the pork pot stickers.  They were middle of the road.  The spicy chicken on the lunch menu was more sweet, and the kung pao scallops were overcooked. My friend who loves all things spicy wasn't pleased with their hot dish, but the wait staff went back and brought out some of the flaming sauce from the flaming won ton dish.  My friend was quite happy with that when he used that to amp up his dish.  All in all, it was nice to have a lunch with a salad or soup option but they lacked taste in the hotness category and overcooking scallops is just not a good thing to do.  I'll try them one more time, but I'm not convinced it'll be better.
I've eaten at PF Changs a total of 2 times, once about 6-7 years ago and then again just this month. We only dined here because another couple with whom we wanted to have dinner picked this place. The first time I had eaten here several years back I did not enjoy my food at all. In fact i could not even tolerate eating it. I had ordered the Lemon Chicken, which should be renamed "Lemon with some chicken in there somewhere" because all I could taste was the overpowering lemon. Unfortunately we had to venture back here for a second time due to our friends suggesting we meet them here for a date night several times. Positive experience from this visit is that we did get seated right away and our server was attentive.  As far as the ambience of this restaurant i would describe it as having a dark, classy, and romantic feel. However do not feel the need to dress up by any means because the other diners will not be. Even though it appears higher end and nice inside I would not suggest having a "romantic date night" planned here as you may be surrounded by large groups dressed in jeans and sweatshirts with children running everywhere or babies crying.  As for the food, it is your basic "Americanized" Chinese  food with a larger price tag and smaller portion than your average Chinese take out place with no real difference in taste or quality. Everyone who dines here rants and raves about their lettuce wraps being AMAZING! I tried them during this most recent visit and thought they were good but I wouldn't go as far as saying they are amazing. For my entre, I tried their beef and broccoli which was good but was just as good as the beef and broccoli I get at my Chinese food place in my small hometown. For dessert, my boyfriend and I shared the Salted Caramel cake which we both enjoyed because of its lightness (wasn't overly sweet).  To sum things up: Do not come here for a romantic date night If you don't mind paying extra and getting less portion-wise for standard Americanized Chinese food place than this is the place for you.   If you want really good Chinese go elsewhere! I suggest Wah Kee (@ 600 Williamson St. Madison, WI 53703) or  for a Tradional Southeast Asain eatery give Ha Long Bay a try (@ 1353 Williamson Street Madison Wi 53703). They are not as fancy on the inside as PF Changs but your food will be more outstanding.
Disappointment! I have been a huge fan and loyal patron of Pei Wei since they came to the valley. We don't go as much as we used to, but a few weeks ago we ordered take-out. I asked if they would include both a mild and a hot sauce for the lettuce wraps and I customized a kids meal. When Dave brought our food home the first thing we noticed was 2 fortune cookies for three meals. Ok, maybe I shouldn't complain...but come on! Then the kids meal had barely any meat, another disappointment. First, I dove into the lettuce wraps, which they only provided one sauce - not the two they said they would provide. However; the worst part was my meal, I had the Mongolian beef...a dish I usually crave from them, but my meal was so salty I couldn't even eat it! It was absolutely horrible! Again, very little meat in the dish. Sorry, but I think you lost a customer over this meal!
My wife and I are big fans of the Pei Wei chain.  We are semi-regulars at the location at the District at Tustin Legacy in Irvine, California and love it.  We were on a weekend trip to watch Spring Training Games in Arizona and this location was very close to the hotel we were staying at.  The restaurant is starting to show its wear and age.  It appears to be an older shop in the chain.  Things started off on the wrong foot with the gentleman that took our order. We asked for our usual order of Lo Mein with Beef and Kung Pao Shrimp and a side order of Pot Stickers.  Our order taker added extra shrimp to our Lo Mein instead of the Kung Pao Shrimp that we had ordered, so we only had one item for a family of four. Once the food came out, it was very evident that the quality was not what we were accustomed to from our usual location.  The beef was a bit fattier, and the overall dish was much greasier than we were accustomed.  The potstickers were seriously over cooked  were dry and had very bad flavor.  We then waited for a while for our Kung Pao that never came.  Once we figured out that there had been a mistake on the order, I went over to the front desk and brought it to their attention.  The manager recognized the mistake and to her credit said that she would handle it.  I offered to pay since I recognize that the order taker may not have heard me since it was very loud in the restaurant.  However the manager made our food and delivered it to us at no additional charge.  That was very good in my book.  The kung pao shrimp was definitely much better than the other two items that we had.  While I like Pei Wei very much the food at this location was not up to the standard that we are used to from this chain.
I give one star for cool soda dispenser. We could not finish our meals. Chewy beef,Salty fried rice,too dry white rice, We do not have iron stomach to digest their food.
I'm over Pei Wei.  The food is consistently mediocre and the service is lackluster to say the least.  This particular location has always had issues for me.  Today when we arrived the young woman behind the counter chewed on her nails as she took our order.  The other young lady behind the counter taking orders was totally rude to the group ordering after us.  I won't be back to this or any Pei Wei... GRRRROSS!
This was my very first time to a Pei Wei, I was excited to try them out. The wonderful and strong smells that wrap around your nose as soon as you step in to the place, cause some form of excitement in your stomach for the food that awaits. But, in all honesty Pei Wei left me wanting more, more flavors, more spices, and better textures. It was not as good as I had expected it to be, and I had high hopes for it, since my former co-worker had been raving on how good the food was from this place. I will tell you that the lettuce wraps were good, and I think the best thing I had from them that day, I also had some of the spicy orange chicken and that lacked flavor and chicken, It felt like I was eating a ball of dough, covered with sauce and with the minimal amount of chicken on it, and the pork egg roll, was not that tasty neither was the fried rice. I know others may love it, but It was simply not for me!  Thanks anyways, it's not you Pei, It's me!! :)
Today I called to place a To Go Order for my lunch. The girl on the phone was extremely rude and inpatient with me. I ordered the Caramel dish with steamed chicken, rice noodles and an extra side of sauce. When I arrived at Pei Wei it was just before the lunch rush. My order was checked by "Kaleigh" who was not very friendly. She had a very bad attitude. From the call to the face to face interaction I felt like placing my order was a big inconvenience. I paid for my order and left thinking what awful people they have working there. When I got home i took one bite of my order and realized it was not rice noodles. I have an allergy to the regular noodles which is why I modified my order. My stomach was in immediate pain as to how sensitive my allergy is. I drove back to Pei Wei and the same girl was at the counter. I told her that my order was wrong and I could not eat it. She asked rudely if I wanted a side of rice noodles. I declined and told her I would like my order remade as the chicken was cross contaminated. She did not alert the manager, I assume for how busy it was. I cannot emphasis enough how TERRIBLE the customer service was. I will never return to this location. I am left hoping the painful symptoms of my allergy will soon pass.
Yet another example of a restaurant chain that has been crapped out of the back end of corporate America.  I went to this place because a couple of friends... preppy white boring friends... recommended it.  I should have known I would hate it.    First, I walk in thinking it would at least be sit down, but no... it's a fast food.  You have to go to the counter.  I guess the new terminology that folks are using in order to convince white yuppies with money is 'fast casual.'  Not fast food - fast casual.  I guess the difference is that they bring the food to your table.  Well, isn't that a fancy cup of hot tea.  And then there's the menu, which bring up the question.  What do you get when you cross a Panda Express with another Panda Express?  You get this craphole called Pei Wei, at twice the price.    And how do you pronounce it?  PeeWee?  Is that supposed to be cute?  Hello Kitty, meet average corporate Asian dump.  But what bugs me the most is I saw what type of clientele this place attracted.  The same folks who would scream at forking over an extra buck at a locally owned Asian restaurant are giving away the bank for bland, typical, run of the mill food that you could find at your local Dennys.  White people just piss me off... and I can say that because I'm white.    You didn't see Asians in there.  You didn't see any Latinos, and you certainly didn't see any Black folk.  All you saw were a bunch of white preptards that would fit in nicely at a Jeff Foxworthy concert.  "You know your a redneck when... you eat at Pei Wei Asian dinner and you really think you are getting a taste of real Asian culture.  Hell yeah!"  I know how you are, thinking that you are going to teach your kids what real Asians eat and in a environment that is true to the Asian culture and you'll show your little snot head kids how to eat with chopsticks so they can learn to become the brain dead pretentious adults that their parents have become but in fact they know just as much about true culture as a plastic fork.  Well, that's how I saw the whole thing.  Parking was good.
I can't understand why anyone would eat here.  I've been there 3 times and simply put this place is awful.  The potstickers are tasteless, but that is better than any of the noodle dishes.  Those noddles taste as if they were made from wallpaper glue.    Totts Asian diner is right there and sooooo much better.  Yuphia thai is down the street as well.  Both are much better choices.
On a whim, me and my wife decided to try out Pei Wei and for me it was one of the worst experiences I have had food wise at this chain. The food was less than mediocre. My meal (Honey Seared Chicken) was lukewarm and it tasted as if it had been sitting under a heating lamp for some time. The food itself lacked flavor all around. Save yourself some money and go to Tott's Asian Diner across the parking lot for much better food and better prices.
I've been here a countless amount of times. I had been wanting Pei Wei for about two weeks. Finally decided To go and get lettuce wraps and one spring roll. Quick as always but wraps just didn't taste right. They had an "aftertaste" not a good one either. Spring roll was okay. Could taste the go ginger and the seaweed was too chewy. Very disappointed and am in no hurry to run back.
totts asian diner in the same complex kicks their ass any day of the week. i think i'm just not a pei wei person. it's like PF Chang's sister....on welfare.
This is terrible food. I've had some not so great Chinese food before, but this place is by far the worst. It doesn't help to call it "asian" to avoid authenticity complaints. It's just bad. The beef must have been soaking in soy sauce for a week. I love salty food, but I developed hypertension after eating here. The sweet sauce in the "General Chi" style (whatever that is) was entirely too sweet to pass for anything. The beef was very tough and completely overcooked. The Orange chicken was the only mildly redeeming dish because I could eat more than a few bites without being overwhelmed with salt or sugar. I don't mean to overstated this: it was the worst meal I've had in Phoenix.
If you are gluten free, BEWARE!  Do not be fooled by the gluten free menu.  There have been a number of gluten free diners who have gotten ill after eating here, and at least two (that I know of) who believe they have been served gluten after ordering gluten free.  If a restaurant is going to offer a gluten free menu, then they need to ensure that their staff is trained.  They need to show clear evidence of cross contamination procedures.  Our family used to eat here regularly and we finally gave up.  It wasn't safe for us.   We now eat at Tott's, which doesn't have a gf menu, but has been very accommodating.
First of all I would like to say Pei-Wei is a good chain if you compare to the quality of other places of it's kind.  I walked in for lunch, and was surprised that they had brown rice. So I thought I could get a healthy meal, but I was wrong...  I talked to the worker at the front for 5 min, and asked her if there is a healthy (no oily/greasy) style way of making the dish. Unfortunately, we established that there was no way to do this.  Why have the brown rice option if you can't order the dish itself in a healthy way?     I ordered the Pei Wei style chicken, and I waited for the food to come. 15 min later I finally got it. Keep in mind there was no one behind in line, and one person ordering from the "take out" line. I watched  the whole process go down. The main chef put my plate down on the counter in the kitchen, and the "salad chef" was supposed to garnish it with a simple rosemary/parsley addition. That hand off took an extra 7 minutes.... It seemed to me that there was arguing,  and disorderly production behind the counter.  My other complaint would be that the dinner portion which not that large is kinda of pricey.  The plate looks huge when it comes out of the kitchen, but  the Plate comes with 75% rice, and 25% meat so don't be fooled.   Why would you want to eat that kind of protein/carb ratio?    I cannot order the lunch plate because it would not come with enough meat.
Pei Wei No Way  The price is cheaper than P.F Chang for sure. But the amount is so small, just enough for my Yorkie. The meat is dry; no sauce. Hot & Sour soup is more like Hot & Salty soup.   Because I've never been to other Pei Wei, this 2 stars rating is only for Guadapupe location Diner Select dishes. the price range for their Dinner Select is $6.25 to $7,  you can get same price & better taste even at many other Chinese Buffet, like Hunan 8 in Mesa (Gilber/60),lunch & dinner same price exclude Sunday,  or Yummy Buffet in Chandler for lunch (Alma/Walner). or Lin's buffet, $8 lunch, you can get salmon; deep fry shrimp.  I do agree it is cleaner & not as noisy as most of Asian restaurant.
The hot and sour soup was just plain awful.  The soup was cold, and the base tasted like burnt mushrooms.  The dan dan noodles are without a doubt one of the worst things I've ever eaten -- mushy noodles with a sauce sweet enough for pancakes.  Never again.  This place sucks!
I only came here because my coworkers wanted to come. The food is flavorless, yet spicy. And although I love spicy foods, I hate that they use it to attempt to hide the fact that the food is so bland.
Apparently for some the soda machine makes this place.  What can I say, somedays our experience here is better than other days.
I go to this cookie cutter pseudo Chinese/Asian place purely because of the convenience. I sometimes just don't have the time and need something quickly, so I generally like the online order ability.  But come on, placing an order at 7 pm, showing up and paying for it, and not having it ready until 7:45?  I mean WTF is that?
Been there several times,always for take out.  It's ok, but have had better at other places including other Pei Wei's.  The last straw was when they didn't put lettuce in our take out order for the wraps. Not driving back 4 miles for friggin lettuce. I called and the young lady was very apologetic, and offered to send me a coupon if I would give my address, which I did.  Several weeks later, no coupon. Oh well I'm only one customer they've lost.
I would like to give a 0 star;(  third time I have gotten home and my order is wrong.  As I waited for my order I observed another customer complaining  about a messed up order. My food was wrong my husband's was right but tasted like kerosine or like a burning chemical taste??? So over it now!!
After driving around for awhile to find a place to eat without a wait, I ended up at pei Wei with James C.  I discovered that they revamped the menu entirely. Now you pick a protein and a sauce. No more combos :(  I decided to have chicken with spicy Korean sauce and brown rice. We also shared an order of lettuce wraps. Lettuce wraps were as expected. My dish came out and it didn't look like what I expected, but I was hopeful and waited until James got his to dig in. I took a bite of the chicken and whatever flavoring was nonexistent. It was not spicy and really had no taste. I added some soy sauce to the brown rice and for brown rice, it didn't taste good either. I ended up taking just a few bites and leaving the rest. I will reluctantly give them a second chance since I did try something new, but I really wouldn't recommend what I got to anyone.
Been here many times before but its been awhile. Decided to go tonight and literally expected G. Ramsey to walk out at any moment and shut the place down. Seriously, it was complete chaos. They changed the menu. The guy taking the order kept walking off to check things. There was no ice or clean silver wear. The appetizer came out and was only warm and wasn't as good as usual. You could hear and see customers complaining and getting refunds all over the place. The staff all seemed confused. My entree finally came out, also not hot, but my girlfriends didn't show up for another 10 minutes.  All during this they kept going to the wrong tables with food and looking confused.  It was crazy, finally gave up, got a refund from the manager and went next door for dinner.  I won't be returning here again.
Pei Wei is normally delicious. But for some reason this location messes up our order EVERY TIME. They even messed up our replacement order. The manager (if you can get through to him) is great and takes care of us, but having to call and talk to the manager every time you done out is annoying. Just get it right!
Another mediocre service experience. We eat here a lot and the service during our last several visits has not been so great. My husband orders the Asian slaw and he always has to ask our server to get it when our food comes. Food always comes many minutes apart so one of us has to wait so we can eat together. Today was my friend's birthday and we ordered lettuce wraps and 2 entrees. Entrees came first (with the wrong rice on one) and lettuce wraps after the entrees. When I mentioned we might have liked our appetizers first, I got a who- cares look from the server. Might not be going back to this location after this.
Very disappointed...Ordered a large bowl of hot & sour soup and teriyaki chicken. Was told the wait would be 10 minutes, but waited 15, which I was ok with. The food was a different story.The soup was like thick JELLO. The flavor was good, but seriously, it shouldn't jiggle like that. Grossed me out after a couple bites and ended getting thrown out. And the teriyaki chicken was good, but served over inedible rice. It wasn't fully cooked and the oil they fry it in had an awful after taste.
I have never had problems with any other location except this one. Not only was our food cold but completely gross. We ordered it extra spicy and extra sauce. Both our meals were dry. I'm a vegetarian so I ordered mine with tofu. There were about 5 peices in there. And they put broccoli in which I asked them not to. We ordered a large side of edamame and it wasn't even half full and most of the pods were empty!! This is not a cheap place to eat at and I expected so much better. I did not take it back because my bf is sweet and didn't want to complain. Needless to say I am very disappointed and will not return to this location ever as this is the second time it has happened.
Don't get the sushi! It was beyond disguising!!! Honestly, I'd like my money back. It's basically a giant rice ball with questionable fish. Ah tuna isn't supposed to be colored this way... That and an overwhelming taste of the cheap sea weed wrapper.
There was a bone in my meatball after they burned my sub the first go around. When I brought this up to the manager he said " well we do not make the meatballs here, they come in pre-made". I did not receive an apology or any effort to make it right, or keep us as a customer. We will not be going there again.  It is sad as Z Pizza looks great from the outside, however the food is average at best, barring any foreign items in your meal, and the service is unorganized, and lacking any courtesy.
Looking at the last review, it must have been a "bad manager" weekend at Z Pizza. On Friday we ordered for delivery online. One hour later lukewarm pizzas arrived.  The order was wrong. Apparently they manually transfer the data from the online system into their ordering system and completely botched it.  We caught the driver before he left and he said he'd to back right away and the manager would call to tell us how they'd make it right.   Over an hour later, no call.   We called them and spent 20 minutes on the phone. We got no apology, just an excuse, "We're so busy. We've got 30 people in line. All businesses make mistakes."  They offered to write down somewhere that we were owed a free pizza.  Seriously?! Like they'd proved their order system worked well enough for that.   Very poor example of restaurant management and customer service.
I don't get it. I only go there because it's a short walk from my house and fast (and Pino's is closed for weekends). I've heard people rave about this place. It's about as good as papa johns. Pino's al Centro is almost next door. Go there.
Bland pizza.  Not particularly horrible nor particularly good.  Staff that cared more about what's playing on the tv screen than keeping the tables clean.  But a nice space otherwise.
The husband was so excited about the gluten-free pizza we had last week, that he asked me daily ever since to get another one.  I finaly relented.  So we called and ordered the exact same pizzas: one large SAUSAGE and mushroom and one large gluten-free pepperoni.  The girl on the phone informed us that gluten-free only comes medium. What?!?!?  Then she tells us that the order totals $4 dollars more than last week. ???  Then we start wondering, who was wrong? Was it the guy last week who allegedly gave us a large gluten-free that my husband loved and somehow didn't get sick from, and a onion and mushroom instead of a sausage and mushroom?  Or, the chick who seemed to be on the ball this week?  The order came rather quickly, which was nice.  My pizza was correct this time, and it was just as mediocre as the one last week but with the right ingredients.  The husband's pizza was indeed a medium and it only took one bite for him to realize that the pizza last week was NOT gluten-free.  This pizza had the crust that he anticipated last week, not good.  Not good to the point that he stopped eating the whole slice, pulled off the cheese and pepperoni and fed the crust to the dogs.  We are extremely pleased and incredibly surprised that the gluten-full pizza did not make him sick.  But, the pizza is dissappointing and not worth the $20 for a large pie.  At least now he has realized this, and we will not order from them again.
Ok, I just had lunch there. The place is clean and the staff is friendly, but most of all, I am paying for my food, right?   Maybe I've been spoiled by the Pear Gorganzola salad at the one on Tatum, but I wasn't pleased with my pizza/salad combo today at this one.   The garden salad was actually a lettuce salad with two tomatoes. It was weak. The pizza wasn't as organic tasting as I had hoped for. I was hoping for that fresh taste, but I got a Dominos taste. Disappointed. Maybe I should just stick to the Pear Gorganzola salad. Infact, I am craving that now!
Trend sucking expensive pizza, come on now 22 bucks for a medium 3 topping pizza.  I especially liked the counter dweeb taking 10 minutes to scan the two twenties I gave him.  Must have had a rash of middle aged men passing fake 20's.  I pass.
I have to say I was not impressed with my pizza from Z's yesterday. I stopped in to grab two slices to go and I could not eat very much. I have had their pizza vefore at their Metro Center location and liked it but yesterday it was salty and greasy and just plain yucky. $6.00 seemed a bit pricey for two slices of cheese too!
The good things about Z Pizza: It's open late, it's close to downtown, and they have vegan options.  The bad: It's a chain, they have like 6 parking spots, and the crust sticks to your teeth.  Seriously.  Also, I don't know if it's the type of vegan cheese or the way they prepare it, but it's just not that good.  It looks and tastes fake.  Pizza Heaven does it better.  This place gets the job done...but BARELY.
i wouldn't spend my money here any more.  food is average  This is odd but I've eatn Zpizza four times, three of the times its been take out from the hospital where we all threw in to get a few pizzas but my last experience was at the Thomas location and there was a girl employee that seemed to cough all over peoples pizzas and she didn't cover her mouth, gross (she must be a smoker)   Good bye Thomas Zpizza, never again
I considered giving Z Pizza one star but I thought I would be more generous than one of the staff members was to me.   In New Times there used to be a coupon for a free slice of pizza.  I saved my coupon as it did not have an expiration date.  One day I sauntered into Z Pizza and presented my coupon and ordered a soda to go along with the pizza.  I was told by the clerk that I could not use the coupon because "too many homeless people" were using the coupon and they no longer honor the coupon.  I am not homeless nor do I "look" homeless.  Instead I was told I could order a special that included two slices of pizza and a soda.  I won't ever forget the woman behind the counter who so coldly denied me my slice of pizza.  I promised myself that I would never return.  Few months later...  I thought to myself "Self, you should really give Z Pizza another try.  Maybe it was just a bad day."  I called Z Pizza and asked for a delivery of a half soy and half regular cheese pizza.  In the past when I had ordered such a pizza, someone from Z Pizza was kind enough to mark which side was soy and which side was regular.  I thought the same would happen. I was wrong.  I received the pizza with no indication as to which side was soy and which side wasn't.  I called Z Pizza and asked about their soy cheese pizzas without telling them my predicament.  I was told "Our soy cheese pizzas are so good you can't tell the difference between regular and soy cheese."  I proceeded to explain that in this case, I needed to know the difference and asked why it wasn't marked.  The woman on the phone asked "How are we suppposed to do that?"  I stated that in the past the soy side of the pizza was marked by a white piece of plastic that served as both to keep the pizza box from caving in on the pizza and it also served to indicate which side was soy.    I asked to speak with a manager after I realized I was getting nowhere with the woman on the phone.  She told me I would need to call the following day if I wanted to speak with someone in charge.  I then asked them to send me a small pizza with only soy cheese as a replacement at no charge.  I was told that they would call me back once they got the ok to make me another pizza.  They called me back and stated they would give me a small soy pizza but that it was on the bottom of their delivery list and insinuated that it was not a priority.  It took another hour for them to deliver the small, soy pizza.  Customer service at its finest?  I think not.  Not only did I have to think for them and offer my own form of compensation for their inadequacy but it was the second time that I had been treated in poor manner.    Save your money.   Come to think of it, I think I give Z Pizza just one star.  I will not bother ordering from Z Pizza ever again.
Over a week for horrible customer service...   Customer since 2007, not anymore   I basically wrote them off after talking my dad and family into ordering from them one night instead of Papa John's.  Fresh ingredients and real food right?  But after they delivered it, the pizza I ordered for dad was soggy and undercooked.  (which is alway the worst when you build a place up, finally get others to try it, and get burned!)  2 weeks ago for Father's Day, I was spending time with my dad and asked him what he wanted to do for dinner, he asked for Z's.  I tried to persuade elsewhere, but he just wanted to relax at home.  So I called up and placed an order, then ran to pick it up.  When I left with it, they forgot to put the 2 slices of pizza in the bag (I looked in it and thought everything was there)  Get home, realize they are missing so give them a call.   me-"Hey this is Steve, I was just there, you guys forgot my 2 slices of pizza"   "ya, they are sitting right here"   .....   .....    me- "okkkkkk, well what do you guys do in situations like this...."   "they are sitting right here"   .............   me- " Ok....well we just sat down to eat, and I'm not running back up there right now, so in situations like this, what do you guys do to make this right, have the delivery driver drop them off or just refund me for them?"    "I will add a 5 dollar credit to your account that you can use next time"    me- "uhhh I think the 2 pieces cost more than 5 bucks, so can you just refund my card back the right amount"   At this point I was already DONE with this place, who forgets food then doesn't offer to make it right, THEN lowballs you on a credit?? If you are going to offer me a different amount, At LEAST offer me MORE than what I paid for not LESS!  INSANE    "ok I just did the refund"   me- "thanks man"  that's it, no apology, nothing. He also sounded like he wasn't on point, and after the way he handled it AND originally forgetting my food I was worried about the refund.   I kept an eye on my credit card account, and 3 business days later, still no refund, so I called back up to find out whats going on.  He never did it.   Wednesday:  after 20 mins on the phone, I am told that the owner will have to call me back to investigate this and issue a refund. Odd that NO ONE there can handle this or refund my money    Friday:  Still no refund and no call from the owner, so I call AGAIN and explain it all over for the 2nd time. I was told the owner would have to call me and let me know.  later that day he does, is nice on the phone, says sorry, and that he can't refund me back on my credit card, that I will have to swing by to pick up the refund  once he is done, I explain how disappointed I am and how I waited almost 1 week and had to call 3 times for a refund, after not getting my food, getting a lowball credit offer, and being told I would get a refund and NOT, and that I now have to drive back up there to collect my refund. He has nothing to add but "sorry" and he is "trying to make things better there because there has been some customer service problems"     ------   Well earlier tonight I was riding by, so decided I would grab it (a tank of gas in my bike) so went in and asked for it  open up the envelope, thinking mmmmmmaybe they will throw something in there, like a free pizza coupon to make it right, but nope  6 bucks and 1 penny   If they had thrown a coupon in, I was already mentally ready to ask for the manager and give it back. I don't want their food, or anything FREE, and that it's the principle.   and I thought it would be BOSS to do, give it back :D   but would had scored points in my book for the effort   but NOPE  all of that, calling them 3 times, all just so I can drive back up there to get my money back   so heads up  this is how they treat customers who have gone there for years, who's orders get forgotten, and takes them almost a week just to give a refund   as a business owner, and former manager in the food industry, that isn't how you take care of your customers   such a shame, love supporting local businesses and had recommended them to quite a few people before   so if you are thinking about hitting this one, I HIGHLY recommend you look east, 2 buildings over, Pino's- http://www.yelp.com/biz/pinos-pizza-al-centro-phoenix , and try them out  AMAZING customer service, friendly, helpful, and waaaaay better food  seriously, you can see I gave them a 5 star almost 1 year ago, that's where I've been going for pizza since
Very disappointed. Have now ordered from them 3 times. Apparently, depending on the busy-ness of the store, you may or may not be in their delivery area. Tonight, ordered online and not a problem with that part (never stopped me mid-transaction to say no delivery). Phone rings and am politely told that it's too busy and they can't delivery to my house (though they did deliver here a few weeks ago). Very hard to find places with gluten free options, so clearly happy that they had one. However, I'll stick with Spinato's. Locally owned and operated, gluten free option and never a delivery issue. Zpizza, you lost my business over something as simple as delivery.
I have been debating on posting  a review for quite a while on Zpizza, I'm torn.  On one hand, their pizzas are addicting and delicious. Their (usually) perfectly crafted and aesthetically pleasing. The best thing about them is the variety. Its no longer cheese, pepperoni or sausage, they bring new elements to the table.      BUT, on the other hand, the one thing they are truly lacking in their business is genuine customer service and communication among themselves. About 2 months ago, I ordered two simple pizzas, the Thai (my personal favorite) and the ZBBQ (my boyfriends personal favorite). Because neither of us eat meat, I simply asked them for NO chicken. I have ordered from them many times, so I wasn't the least bit worried. I waited 45 minutes for it and when it arrived my pizzas were both covered in chicken, so we obviously couldn't eat them. I called and spoke with a manger just to say "Hey, this kind of sucks!" she then told me sorry and that I can have a free small pizza.  So, still being hungry I decided to place another order (why not?). 45 minutes later I receive the same order and even tipped the guy generously for having to come out again. Well, what to you know, there's no chicken! But wait, there's also nothing else on the pizza except cheese. Awesome.  Twice in one day on the same order. This has also happened several more times since.  For me, customer service is a big part of running a business. If you keep screwing up orders because you fail to communicate with your team you're going to lose valuable customers.
Nasty and cold. If you're not ordering pizza that has been sitting under the heater for awhile, then you'll be waiting for quite some time to receive your order. My mistake of ordering pizza that has been sitting for too long because it was gross.
I've been meaning to try this cute little pizza shop forever and we finally took the plunge last night. I grew up on Papa Johns and Pizza Hut living in a small town and while I love those too, I also like the fancier, more simple pizzas that come from Cibo and the like. I wasn't in the mood for the fancy types of pizza and Pomo doesn't deliver so we decided to give it a try. After looking at the menu, I was excited to see that it was organic and seemed like a fairly healthy choice when pizza typically can wreck a diet.   We ordered the Pear and Gorgonzola salad (large), a small American pizza and a chicken sausage Rustica pizza. Ordering for delivery was quick over the phone and the total came to $30. That's a bit steep for delivery considering the regular chains have some incredible deals now but oh well, I decided it was worth the try! Estimated delivery time on a Sunday evening was 30-45 minutes.  I was pleased that the pizza's arrived much faster, probably closer to 20 minutes. The salad was large and for $8.50 it was pretty good. The balsamic vinaigrette dressing was a bit sour but it complemented the salad pretty well. As for the pizza's, neither was that great. I had requested extra sauce and my first piece of American basically had all the toppings slide off when I grabbed the piece and the dough was undercooked. I thought because their crust is advertised as thin and crispy that it could have handled it but it didn't even come close. The overall flavor was decent but the presentation reminded me of something you get at a pizza buffet. It looked like a highly processed pizza to me and I know Papa Johns is way better if I'm going to go that kind of route. I had one piece of the chicken sausage pizza and did not like the sausage at all. It looked really processed in this weird oval shape and didn't like the flavor at all. Overall that pizza, minus the arugula (because since when is peppery lettuce so vogue?!?!) was pretty bland.   Sadly, we won't be ordering pizza from here again but I might swing by for the salad sometime. One star for the salad, one star for the fast delivery.
I've had a love/hate relationship with zpizza since moving to the valley almost a year ago.  I like the idea of a healthier alternative to pizza and the salads are also delicious.  The combo with a slice, salad and drink is a great deal and I've eaten there many times for lunch or dinner.  I've always found the pizza to be OK...not great,  but just above mediocre and with the good price and great salad, I've found it to be a good option.  It's also nice that it's (usually) fast, so you can eat there in 30-40 minutes if you choose a pizza slice that's already prepared in the case by the front.  This was the driving force to my husband & I choosing to eat there recently.  We had an hour to get to a theatre show and needed dinner.  zpizza was on the way, so we decided to try it.  There wasn't a line to order and the dine-in area wasn't very crowded.  We both ordered the salad/slice combo.  While ordering, a 1/2 pepperoni 1/2 something else pizza was placed in the case.  I asked if the pepperoni slices were available (as they weren't on the sign) and the cashier said yes.  We both ordered pepperoni slices and paid and sat down to wait.  And wait we did....salads took a bit longer than usual and when they brought my husband's it was covered in dressing although he had specifically ordered it dry.  I think the guy expected him to be OK with it and eat it anyway, but he really doesn't like dressing.  He sent it back and had to wait again.  After finishing our salads, still NO PIZZA.  I went up to ask what was taking so long to heat up 2 slices, and was told that the pepperoni was not available so they were making a new pie.  I told them we picked it b/c it was already made and we were in a hurry, and they were now telling me 10 MORE minutes for the pepperoni.  I asked to switch our slices to the Napoli which was in the case, which they did.  They heated those up and served them with an apology, but a rather apathetic one.  Unfortunately, those slices didn't taste great, but we choked them down and ran out the door to be barely on time for the show.  I just don't understand why they couldn't have told me the slices in the case weren't available and that there would be a 25 minute wait.  At that point, we could've ordered a whole pizza or chosen a different place to eat.  Also, the employees all seem a little bit snobbish and don't seem to care a bit about customer service.  I think I'll be taking my pizza business elsewhere in the valley, which is unfortunate b/c zpizza is so close by.
I went to Z PIzza out of convenience. It is within walking distance from the ER and the person who was in the ER was irrationally hungry. At 6:30 on Sunday night I walked to Z Pizza to get 4 slices of pizza because it was faster than ordering a full pizza. The slices were awful. They were old. They cost $13. They were only barely warmed in the pizza oven.   If you don't see the pizzas come out of the oven then don't expect them to be good. Lesson learned.
So bummed usually very good but tonight my pizza was watery and not done in middle. Ur delivery is better than this . Had to try n rebake didn't work ! Yuck
Food is great. Lots of options. But customer service is not so great. Which for us is a big deal. The third time we ordered it took forever to get there and both pizzas were cold and the ice cream sandwich was liquid. Normally they bring the frozen treats in a cooler so their frozen when they get to you. Not this time. And the driver even said she don't grab a cooler, so we might want to put it in the freezer. I also got food poisoning that night from the pizza. I called the restaurant just to let them know everything was cold but no manager was there. They said she'd get back to me. Two days later I call again and the manger has no idea what happened. I explained our experience and she tells me good poisoning takes longer than 24 hours to kick in...?!?!  I've had food poisoning many times and it's sudden! Anyways we probably won't order anymore just because the service was so bad.
some of the specialty pies are ok, but the slices are overpriced AND OH DEAR LORD DO NOT EVER ORDER THE WINGS. they are the worst wings i have ever had. not crisp at all, im pretty sure they were cooked then left in hot storage. gummy, gooey, these are not words a wing afficiando wants to hear.
How s the Pizza ? I,ve no Idea . After fiquireing out the web site , put in the order , get a call from the store to confirm the order , I waited 1 hour 20 minutes and its still not here . I called the store , Oh he left 25 minutes ago with 2 deliveries . Ok Cancel mine , you can imagine what its like once it get here after 30 minutes . On a Tuesday night There has to be an easier way to get Pizza than ZPizza . Gooood Bye Zpizza !
I'm a bit frustrated. I love the pizza, but the place is always dirty; at least, the past three times that I have been here. The bathroom had mold around the waterline in the toilet and the walls in the dining room were dirty. Now I'm not eating out if the toilet nor off the walls, but it doesn't make you feel good. Today I went to sit down at 4 different tables, having to continuously move due to the crumbs on each table. So, choosing the bar across from the cashier brought me closer to watching how they prepare the pizza. The guy wears no food handlers gloves! Just hands on cheese on my pizza! No thanks! Fare Z well!
Mediocre at best. The pizza is bland and soggy. The wings are 99% fat 1% Franks Red Hot sauce( maybe franks buffalo) the bread sticks are actually pretty good. The delivery time can't be beat. Pinos pizza is significantly better.
No doubt the pizza is excellent here, but the service sucks! The first time I went there, there was a line outside the door. To their credit both registers were manned, but when it came to be my turn, the cashier (Asian female) decided she didn't want to do any more work and just wandered off. When she decided to come back, she spent the next 15 minutes chatting to her friend on her phone. Eventually she decided to serve me and got the order wrong. Gee thanks for nothing lady.   The second time I decided to call the order in. Hello Z Pizza, can you hold? Can you hold some more? Hello can you hold? Unfortunately they don't wait for you to answer before putting you on hold, so you are SOL. I began the call when I was a 30 minute drive from the place and finished the call in their parking lot. I walk in expecting the place to be slammed, but no, it's dead. More employees than customers and guess what, they're chat, chat, chatting away - with each other.   This place would be great with an effective manager in place. Or maybe just any manager
Went in with date for dinner, our first time inside the restaurant on Thomas and the place looked clean, but not any special decor or anything.  I did order wings and pizza (large) with traditional toppings and two beverages for $35 and paid upfront.  The wings were covered in sauce and turned out well done on the inside but somehow the skin was wet and soggy.  Gross.  The pizza was a thin crust which is good, but it too had lots of "juice" under the center of the pizza making it soggy and the juice looked like black water.  Gross.  A waste of $35!  A side note, the service was so poor from the cashier dude that thinks he should be given a tip before the food is even served.  He also made a verbal comment out loud that he was working for free.  I am sure zpizza has quality ingredients, but the wings made us both sick for the night which means another lost customer telling a hundred others not to visit this hole in the wall.
aaaaaaaaaaack!   I just stopped by here for a slice and salad combo. I hadnt been in for a couple years, and man things have changed.  first up was the salad. I was so psyched on life when I saw how huge it was! One bite and I quickly knew I wouldnt be eating much more. I got the ceasar salad and the dressing tasted "off", the salad itself was pretty warm. Not a welcoming salad at all.   Then came the pizza. The pizza here used to be really good. Not so much anymore. It was all dried out and crusty.   I tossed my lunch and am thankful I had an apple squirrled away in the fridge. $8 down the drain.
Went with the family on a Saturday night.  Casual enough for the kids.  I had lasagne.  Food was tasty, but all the portions were very small, especially the kids servings.  Not great for the money.  I prefer Nick's.
Love the number of gluten free selections, but not much else.  The two stars are solely for that.  We ordered take out, and the pasta and app choices left a lot to be desired.  Pizza was good, but not for the price. The whole meal was expensive and most ended up in the trash.  We won't be back.  There are better gluten free options out there, and for the money we can choose from most all of them.
Made a take out order. Showed up and girls at the front were very giggly with each other and not very helpful.. seemed way to young for their job.. I guess the computers were down but instead of telling me what they were doing, they just giggled and ran around the restaurant with my credit card... other than that, the pizza was good.. over priced but good..
Atmosphere was funky.  We went last week, with two gift certificates from Sunflower Markets.  When our server finally came with extra sighs and huffs of over-work blithering. Before greating us looked at the gift certificates sitting on the table and said 'you can't use those both here'--it's the rules of the owners.  So I asked are we allowed to split checks at a table--'no'.  We can't really comment on the food...the staffer was so rude about it, that we actually walked out.  (We have tried the location at PV Mall...we had a great experience with the atmosphere and server...food was okay: salad-good, GF pizza-below average.)
I was a regular for a few years. No longer. Take-out is pretty good and the bartenders do a good job. Pizza and salads are really good (other items not so), when they get the order right, but Dine-in usually is a mess. My wife complained by email to he restaurant about bad and rude service as well as an improperly prepared meal that the server argued about. The response she received from the manager basically said that the server was right to be rude as my wife was obviously only looking for a free meal. Not likely to complain by email when looking for a freebie! After perhaps 30 visits it's not likely that the complaint was without merit. Like many good places, Picazzo's has gone way down hill.
We went to this place for their advertised happy hour, which was stated on the internet as well as a banner out front that it was 4-7pm.  We got there at 6:10pm, sat in the bar.  The waitress walked right past our table, no greeting.  The bartender, no greeting.  After sitting there 15 minutes the bartender came by, again no real greeting.  Handed us menus.  I verified happy hour and he stated 'no that ends at 6'.  I told him about the sign, he shrugged it off and just said 'no, it ends at 6'.  Seriously?  I would never spend my money at a place that doesn't greet you and does not address their false advertising.  Amazing this place stays in business!!
Unfortunately I'm still here - couldn't wait to write this review.  Bad service , bad food , small portions of over priced bad food.  In fact my wife's  dish and my dish were so small that combined they would be a smaller lunch entre at most restaurants.  Cafeteria style salad ,  cafeteria scent in the air as you come into this pathetic establishment.   Ordered lemonade - got crystal light .   If I could give it no stars I would ..
Absolute horrible service and customer care. Who doesn't let a person know their food is ready for a to go order? This place. Then the manager has the nerve to tell me its my fault? Are you kidding me? I'm.glad I don't live here but if I did I'd never come back.   Got a refund which the manager tried to argue about not refunding my check for non-existent food.  So I haven't had the food. It looked mediocre at best.
Our family visits Scottsdale at least once a year for a week's vacation and traditionally Picazzo's is our first night in town dinner, no longer we will replace it with Carrabba's (review to follow).  On prior visits we saw the gluten free options for pasta and pizza on the menu and never really noticed as we do not order gluten free.  On our visit on 12/26/12 we were surprised to see the entire menu now gluten free, and flavor free as well from the dish I had.  I commented to the waiter that I was skeptical about the flavor of quinoa pasta and turkey bolognese but he said it was delicious and I wouldn't notice the difference.  I ordered Uncle Louie's favorite (penne I think with sausage and turkey bolognese) with an open mind only to discover my initial instinct was correct.  The pasta had poor texture and the sauce had no depth of flavor because of the turkey meat instead of beef--I guess beef fat flavor is noticable, who'd a guessed other than chefs for decades.  Given that I was skeptical I thought our server would come by and ask, "how do you like it..." or something similar.  Nope, no pass by, no question as to how it was.  I think the whole organic, gluten-free dining has jumped the shark and become the domain of the pretentious Whole-Foods crowd and has become exemplified at Picazzo's.  There are certainly many options for pizza and Italian in Scottsdale and in this neighborhood to make it easy to not go to Picazzo's. Understanding some like this sort of thing, not me.
Really disappointed... Used to go here once a week for lunch. Pizza was soggy the chipotle pasta use to be my favorite they changed it from rigatoni to elbow pasta and totally changed the sauce. It is no longer cheesy and creamy. It had little to no flavor. The only reason I gave it 2 stars bc the Italian chopped salad was good even though less toppings then in the past
We recently have gone to picazzos and have eaten there many times. we purchase the salads and occasionally the pizza  and a appetizer. This time around we ordered wings, pasta and a few pizzas. we were so very much displeased in the meal as we had to throw it out when we boxed it up after not taking a bite of it. It looked like somebody threw up on the plate and served it to you. I assure you, if you can open up a can of spaghetti o's than you would be better off. The wings were terrible and no sauce, luke warm and the meatballs are frozen and not fresh with moldy hard cheese. The thai chicken pizza was a joke and for 30 bucks for something you can get for 15 somewhere else, its just a disappointment. I told the manager and he blew me off and told me to send in pictures of the meal that I was not happy about. who takes pictures of their food after ordering it and not liking it. I somehow knew he would ask me for that and sent them to him, totally busted right. well he came back and told me pretty much tough luck and don't come back. so Please take my advise and don't eat here. You can easily have a better meal at maggianos around the corner, get a steak at capital grill for the same price or other establishments near by. I promise you, you will be disappointed!
I used to really enjoy my meals, but something struck me strange this visit as I noticed the entire menu is gluten-free. Here's the deal: I need to eat gluten-free food, but everyone in the world does not. The reality is, gluten-free pasta does not taste as good as regular pasta. I know; there was a time I ate it and I miss it. Yes, quinoa itself, not as a noodle, is a tasty grain. Corn as itself, not as a noodle, is tasty, so why is everyone in the world now being subject to gluten-free pastas? I had the eggplant parmesan which was not anything to write home about. I always love their Greek salad. Am I missing a point as to why gluten-free?
19.60 for the pizza the size of a pen and it took too long
I frankly can't believe that so many reviewers gave this joint a good review.  We arrive there this past Saturday night at 5:30 p.m. to take advantage of their half-price appetizers, which are over at 6 p.m.  It took a good ten minutes for the waitress to come get our drink order. ($2.95 for a tiny glass of diet coke...I don't care if it's refillable...you can get diet coke in any number of nice restaurants, without having to pay an arm and a leg for it.)  It took another ten minutes to get the drinks.  She asked if we were ready to order and when we said we wanted the half-price appetizers, she had the nerve to look at her watch and say it was 6 and that she would have to check to see if she could serve them half price.  Well, it WASN'T 6, it was 10 to 6.  As I started to give my order, the first word out of my mouth was that we needed separate checks.  My friend ordered the stuffed pepper appetizer and I ordered a half salad, with a side of grilled Portobello mushrooms.  One of our friends ordered a flatbread appetizer and the other ordered the Portobello appetizer drizzled with balsamic vinegar.  We waited for our food.  And waited.  And waited. We finally called over one of the other waiters, after about twenty minutes, to ask where the food was.  Well, lo and behold, it came right out!!!  Instead of bringing me the grilled portobellos, as requested, they brought me the Portobello appetizer.  When I told the fellows who brought out the food, that my order was wrong, they quickly fixed it, so that was good.  I asked my friend how her stuffed pepper was, and, while she told me it tasted good, she only had a tiny piece of sausage "stuffed" in the pepper.  My friend who ordered the flatbread appetizer was satisfied, as was I with my salad.  My other friend, who had ordered the Portobello appetizer, then ordered a pizza with the fellow (yes, we never saw our waitress again!), and we had to wait ANOTHER half hour for the pizza.  No wonder there were empty tables there on a Saturday night...other people must have experienced their wonderful service, too.  Stay away from this place...if you want a gluten-free pizza, ask Whole Foods to bake you one...I guarantee you will be happy with it.  P.S.  Of course, it came with one check...but, once again, the fellows who were helping us were nice and separated the checks.
Hummm. Large pepperoni pizza for $24.00. Taste was average and their large size is medium. Disappointing.
I actually liked the food a lot however when I decided to take my wife there tonight, they decided to be closed, almost an hour early, and for that they receive an epic fail
Drove all the way from Chandler got there at 8:00 and was told they closed. It was an hour before all posted closing times. I work in a restaurant and can understand if we got there 30 min before closing but an hour is just ridiculous to turn customers away. Very disappointed.
Food was excellent! Service at the bar by Kim H was terrible. We saw our kale salad sit in the window for about 5 minutes before it was brought out. Then patiently awaited our Uncle Louie's favorite pasta for another 10 minutes which sat in the window to get cold. It tasted great but could have been warmer. Would have been nice if she had checked on us and refilled my husbands beer he asked for. Not until the last 2 bites of pasta did she check to see how we were doing... Too late to have another beer with dinner and ask for another piece of bread. Then took forever to run our credit card. With 6 people at the bar she much have been overwhelmed!!! I'll be back to another restaurant for the food but not this location.
After a long day and for kicks my wife and I decided on Pizza and figured that we'd go to Grimaldis. Unfortunately it was a 45 minute wait and we were starving so we decided to go elsewhere. Bad idea. Now I've been to this place a few times and so getting in and seated wasn't a problem, especially for a Friday night. The food is usually quite good and the pizza is excellent.   Whilst the food is good the service was absolutely lacking tonight. Don't know if that's a common practice for this establishment but we got seated and after about 8 minutes still hadn't been acknowledged by any of the wait staff or given any water. My wife hadn't eaten since 9am, and it'd been about 7 hours for me. We weren't exactly in a mood to be ignored but we were. Three waitresses passed by us and nothing. NOTHING! What on earth is going on here?   So we got up and left....  Then the hostess thanked us for coming in and I thanked her for not serving us. We're starving and we decided to go home.  Papa Johns delivers and he's never let us down.  Take a lesson Picazzos....get your act together or give up the ghost.
I definitely would not recommend this restaurant. In fact I would recommend not coming here, because they have some of the worst service I have seen.  I visited with a bunch of people and it was my first visit. This restaurant doesn't seem equipped to handle large parties. The seating arrangement was uncomfortable, but the real problem was that we had a waitress who never checked on us. I was unable to get a refill for my meal, which really bothered me. I was then offended that they automatically charged us an 18% tip. That is unacceptable considering that she never checked on us at all.  The prices are pretty high. My wife and I paid about $50 and we didn't really get a lot. The food itself wasn't bad and is the only reason I give this place a slightly higher rating, but I still feel that they ripped my wife and myself off. I have written to this place telling about my unsatisfactory experience, but have yet to receive a reply and I doubt I will. Avoid this place. They care nothing for their customers.
I ordered the lasagna bolognese and it was scorched. Instant buyer's remorse.  The lone bright spot was our waitress who was quite attentive and friendly.  We won't be patronizing Picazzo anytime in the foreseeable future.
The WORST dining experience of my life. My salad was like a left over from the '70's. Some wilted lettuce, mushy chunk of avocado, a couple of apple chucks and topped with mushy tomato slices. Bottled salad dressing. Hubby's ravioli had a white sauce that reminded me of a home economics class in high school. Moving along, the acoustics in the space are horrific, so there is a cacophony of noise assaulting you throughout the meal. Top it off with a table of the most ignorant young couples who thought that their children's scccreammmming was the cutest thing since hand to hand combat. A good restaurant knows how to politely and diplomatically tell unruly customers that they are disturbing the other diners. Just because they stick 'organic' in their name does not give a restaurant the right to cook very badly!!! When I told the waitress this was our first visit, she said nothing in the way of introducing the restaurant to us.
I don't know how to drill it into my friends that I've met here in Arizona...PEI WEI AND PF CHANG'S IS  N O T AUTHENTIC CHINESE FOOD.  I've gone here 4 times, each with different friends and *gasp* my husband. This is the one place where he and I don't see eye to eye on. I told him after my last time there if he wants to go, he will have to find friends to go with. I'll be anywhere but there.  I've had their pad thai with chicken, fried rice with shrimp, ginger broccoli and asian coconut curry...each time I've been massively disappointed.  With their pad thai, there was an over abundane of sauce that should not be soaking into my food. It was extremely bitter and a bit sour as well. The chicken had been overdone.  yuck.  Their fried rice with shrimp was ok, even though I had specifically asked that no scallions and no peppers be put in (peppers in my friend rice?  WTF?!). It was bogged down with far too much soy sauce for my liking. Like they had literally soaked it over night in soy sauce. I could manage to eat half of it before the soy sauce made me stop.  The other dishes were passable, but again, I won't be going back here voluntarily. I think I'd rather eat at California Pizza Kitchen before ever setting foot in here again...actually, I think I may actually go to Rumbi's before Pei Wei.  The atmosphere wasn't so bad, but it was loud. The open kitchen and hearing all the clattering of plates can get to you after a while. Mercifully the times I've been there were no screaming children, but I've heard horror stories from some friends that go there on a regular basis. I've been lucky.  I just could never get a feel for the place - I never bonded with it. Maybe because it just never felt like fully authentic Chinese food.  I can't quite put my finger on it, but this place is way off for me.
This place is either hit or miss. The first time I was here my soba was soo salty that I couldn't finish my noodles, and I'm a girl that loves her noddles. I came back again, and got the curry and it was really pretty decent. I friend ordered the pad thai, and I know its not authentic, but there was something in the sauce that made me think, wow, maybe this place isn't as bad as I thought.   I went back earlier this week to get my own pad thai and was disappointed once again. I don't know if its the change in the moon cycle, the way the wind blows, or which chef is making the food, but it totally stumps me how this place can be so on and off. Overall, more off times than on, so I'm going with 2 stars.
This location is always busy, usually order food to go. Always get teriyaki Tofu and it is hit or miss depending on the cooks that night.   Customer service is the same way, some days your order is ready on time and correct and other days you wait 20 minutes past the pick up time for your food which turns out to be wrong anyways.   Order from them less often than I would like to due to issues, Quick take out runs that turn into an hour long ordeal are never fun.
The  first  two  times  I  went  there  it  was  ok  but  yesterday  I  decided  not  to  come  back:  I  ordered  the  "Cashew nut  chicken"   and  what  I  got  where  chunks  of  deep  fried  chicken  fat  (the  stuff  that  i  usually  cut  off  and  give  to my  dogs),  no  white  meat,  just  disgusting  chicken  garbage.   Altogether  there  were  7  cashew nuts  on  my  plate  (yes,  I  counted  them).   When  i  received  my  dish  my  wife  had  already  finished  her  dish  because  they  did  not serve  our  dishes  at  the  same  time.     Nobody  came  to  ask  if  we  liked  the  food,  what  I  was  hoping  for,  instead  someone  threw  a  comments  card  onto  our  table.
I was so disappointed the last time I came here. I ordered a vegetarian dish with fried tofu and had a piece of chicken in the dish.  The cooks need to be a little more aware and make sure nothing remains on the wok before they prepare the next meal. I would like to note to that it is not an issue because there is a dead chicken in my food but because if I eat meat I get a terrible tummy ache.  And no one wants a tummy ache.
I am usually very satisfied with my Pei Wei experience however today that was not the case.  To start with we noticed a sign to receive 20% off our order by signing up via facebook.  My wife signed up on her phone and received a code.  When we presented the code to the cashier she would not take it and said we needed a bar code, strike one.  When we received our food the vegetables were severely under-cooked, strike two.  Then when tasting the two spicy dishes we ordered they were sweet and not spicy at all, strike three.  I am very dissatisfied with my experience and am very doubtful to return.  Most coupons can be redeemed from mobile devices these days.  It is better for the environment, cmon Pei Wei, get on board!
We normally love Pei Wei but yesterday when we went we ordered our normal order of chicken fried rice and pot stickers. When we got our fried rice there was a hair at least 4" long weaves through the rice. So disgusting, I took the plate over to a server standing next to the manager and tried to get the managers' attention (he ignored me) so I pulled the hair out of the rice and showed the the server. She took the plate from me not saying a word and followed me back to our table to pick up the bowl and took it back to the kitchen. I had to ask her a few minutes later if they were remaking it an she nodded yes. The manager never came over to our table and seemed to hide in the back until his shift ended.  One of our favorite restaurants and we will not be visiting for awhile!
I moved away for a year, and looked forward to eating here, but was disappointed, I'm wondering if the have changed ownership or are cutting corners??
You've failed me three times too many Pei Wei.  I used to crave your Thai Dynamite. The formerly juicy delight was dry with little to no sauce at all. The once crispy chicken had random bites where the breading was a mess of powdery and damp as if it weren't fully cooked.  I don't know what has happened over the years but the steady decline in quality really saddens me.  The one saving grace this last time was that the rice was at least cooked properly. I don't know if it's a California Pei Wei thing to over/under cook the rice, but at least they can do it right in Arizona (which is very surprising...). But is it really a victory if you have moved up to mediocre?  As a side note I should have known something was awry when the person taking my order corrected my order and told me it was 'thigh' Dynamite. Maybe she was warning me.
Not what I expected.  Food was good, but nothing special.  Portions seemed small.  I really did not expect the stand in line to place your order, go find a seat and wait for someone to bring your food, and then you never get spoken to again. Reminds me of McDonalds.  We got Thai Dynamite, which sounds spicy, but was bland, and sesame chicken, which was so so. While we were there, we saw someone spill a large amount of salt or sugar on the floor right by a door.  Saw a server going out the door about fall, and then 4 employees walk by it before it got cleaned up around 5-10 minutes later.  Lawsuit waiting to happen. Don't think we'll go back :(
Well Pei Wei in itself is awesome.. I enjoy the food. This review is for this particular location ONLY. My boyfriend and I eat Pei Wei 2-4 times a month. I live about a mile and a half away from the Dana Park location. We do take out every time and every time I get the same thing, orange peel steak. I do not like rice (yes, I know, I know) so I always order mine on the side and give it to someone else. So basically one time I picked up the order, rice was on the side but when I got home I noticed they must have messed up and initially mixed it with the meal because I had rice with my steak, but they scraped off as much as possible. I let it go, I was too lazy to get dressed, grab my keys and head out. Well it happened a second time and the more I thought about someone sitting there scraping rice off my food the more pissed I got. The manager was there, I told her what had happened and that this was the second occasion for this. She had them remake the steak and sent me on my merry little way. It is not my style to be rude when someone messes up but geez offer me a soda when I am sitting there, throw in a 20 percent off coupon for the next order, or comp the entree you messed up! I am not one who is looking for freebies or else I would have taken my food back the first time this happened. The managers non-apologetic, blah-zeh attitude about THEIR mistake left me with a bad taste. I will be traveling 3 miles out of my way to the other location from now on.
So my wife and I were are on a typical date night and craving Pei Wei so we decided to head on down to the Dana Park location. We entered knowing that Saturday night is a busy night for them so we were planning on a wait. At first everything seemed fine and then we ordered and I got a feeling that the girl who took our order just didn't care about anything just wanted us to hurry the heck up. She didn't welcome us or even make eye contact. Then we went to sit and couldn't find a clean table outside so we had settled for the one that was the easiest for us to clean. The customer service must have been just out the window for them tonight. Then we received the food extremely fast, all at once. We ordered lettuce wraps, chicken fried rice, orange peel chicken, and Kung pow chicken. The lettuce wraps were really good but shorted on some wraps so off to a ok start. Then we started with the Kung pow which tasted burnt or "like they made it with their butt" as my wife says. The orange peel was okay not good...just okay. The white rice on both entries was hard and felt like it sat around for a while before being served to us. Then last but not least the chicken fried rice, which was good. I wish all of the entrees were as good as this.  I hope they improve the customer service on the weekend. I know that it is busy but would it kill your servers to be happy and at least pay a little attention to the customers? As a customer I know it's going to take longer for food to come out and I wish our food would have took longer to be served because I know if it had came out a little slower the cooks would have put a little more heart and pride into what they are cooking rather than just shoveling crap out. I guess we will have to try this place in another 6 months. Maybe. (Just cause the fried rice was good)
Busy night here. Went in the front door and waited about 15 mins in line to order. Then found out we has to wait in a different line to actually since our order was to go. Another 10 mins waiting in that line before we could order.  I can see where this model would be better than the normal pick-up only window, but they definitely don't display it well.   The food is usually good so I'll update the review after we eat.
Customer service when taking my order was good- the gentlemen behind the counter was attentive.  The food on the other hand-  The tofu in our dish was grouped into clusters and burnt! Upon explaining & showing this to the cashier, we were given a refund but NO apology. They're so busy that quality seems to have gone out the window.  2 stars. Very disappointed.
I have to give this place 2 stars solely based on my most recent visit. Normally, I get the orange peel chicken and it has always been good! Recently I've been on a tofu kick so I decided to give the tofu here a try instead of chicken. BAD CHOICE!!! The tofu came out in thin little burnt strips. I also tried the hot and sour soup which was also a disappointment.
I yelped this place too...and was a little disappointed.  The only thing I like about this place is their orange juice and their super friendly service.  The waffles were terrible!  I couldn't even stand to finish them!  Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.  At that point, I wished I would've hit one of those breakfast/brunch buffets!  We even drove about 5 miles out of the strip to go to this place! UGH!
Been here a few times and return when I have a coupon. Service is friendly, but food is average. Tried pancakes, french toast and a variety of eggs. I've liked the southwestern scramble best.
Not a bad location, it's a pretty small location. Went here for the first time to try it out since I am a breakfast fan and I like to try eating at different places. Ordered very berry french toast, it was good but noticed the strawberries were not fresh. My bf ordered the stuffed french toast, had a dead bug on the strawberry. Yes a dead bug that's just gross! We told our server she said it wasn't a bug and that it was part of the strawberry. Umm I think we know what a bug looks like. But she said that if we wanted she would give if a new one.  Service was great that's because there was only 6 people.  All and all I don't think I would go here again just because I found a bug and their fruits were not fresh. Word of advise to the owners check you strawberries and make sure they are cleaned properly.
Seriously, I must be missing something. There are a ton of reviews here with four and five stars and I simply do not understand. Perhaps I am ordering incorrectly.  We have visited twice. The first time, I had the Classic French Toast. Unbelievably bland. I always try eating french toast without syrup first but there was just no taste.   On the second trip I had the Ranchers Club. The first problem is that I asked for it without ham and that did not happen. The other problem is that it was bland. It sounds great on the menu, the waitress said it was her favorite sandwich, but there was so little taste. I also had the baked beans which were quite nice and I can say the fries are good.  My husband had the Cinnamon Raisin French Toast. He also thought there was a lack of flavor that was only saved by the raisins. He also had a side of bacon which was fatty and chewy.   The other issue is the service. On our first visit, the place was empty because we arrived at about 1:15pm - not realizing that they close at 2pm. We are certainly not fast eaters so it did become a little uncomfortable when 2pm rolled around and they wanted us out. On the second visit the place was pretty empty again - probably because it was a weekday - and the service was not existent. We waited to be seated while the waitress and owner talked. Then we waited for drink refills while the waitress and the owner talked. Finally, we waited for our check while the waitress and the owner talked. I guess this would not have been a problem if there was more than one waitress or if the one waitress working was not crying. Just a horrible service experience.  So, I am sorry to say, we will not be visiting Maple Tree again. I would much rather drive the same distance to Egg & I for a good meal and great service. Plus, they advertise their last seating at 3pm. Never have we felt that we were overstaying our welcome as we did at Maple Tree.
Did you ever hear the expression..."gone to hell in a hand basket" ? Thats my description of The Maple Tree on a recent visit...for breakfast of course!    For whatever reason, we'd failed to return to The Maple for a couple of years...it's a quite a drive from Downtown, where I always stay and well, you know, you're in the casino and right there is the buffet... First of - THIS IS IMPORTANT...The Maple Tree no longer has MAPLE FREEKIN SYRUP...and it's right there on the menu..."we serve real WARM Maple syrup..."  Uh uh...sorry...I know MAPLE and I know WARM...this is SYSCO and it's COLD. Secondly, I arrived at 7AM...they were open...but the only people there were a cook and the owner.   The place was in an absolute shambles.  The already cheesy indoor-outdoor carpet had been ground into a BLACK GREASY FOOD ENCRUSTED DIRT...the chairs, were a flesh color vinyl but the backs (where you'd grab one to pull it away from the table...was BLACK with filth! As I looked around, I noticed cobwebs on the lighting...the ceiling fans were "fuzzy" with at least a 1/2" dust buildup on the windward side...Errrrr matey...your galley ha been scuttled :O( When I identified myself to the owner as a Yelper! he rolled his eyes back in his head and said ..."Oh, we're making changes around here". The meal no longer mattered to me...I wanted to leave...but stayed and paid $10 for a ho-hum meal.
AWFUL! First of all, I've been here a few times so this isn't based on just one visit... the food is good but the service is AWFUL! and today my husband and I walked out after waiting 45 minutes! we NEVER received our drinks or food! meanwhile, the owner greeted the families to our left and right but NEVER acknowledged us... we're disgusted! we'll NEVER GO BACK...
I don't understand how the place got such high reviews.  The recovery on their customer service was non-existent after I had to send my coffee back 3 times because the creamer was curled.  The food was below average, and orange juice  smelled funny.  If I could score zero stars on Yelp I would.  Save yourself the disappointment and eat at home.
Sunday 9 a.m. time for some Maple Muffins and Fried Bread....since this is what this place is known for!! ....Seniors all sitting enjoying waffles and eggs. We were seated right away (4 of us)...we waited for one of the 2 servers to come on by...after 15 mins we got water.....and was advised that there were no muffins nor fry bread and she would come back later so we could decide on a alternative??? WTH maybe I wanted a waffle? or eggs???? guess not!!! we waited another 10 mins....and walked out.....never ate there...and won't go back!!!
I am so sad to have to write this.    For the 3 years that my son was in HS we spent almost every Tuesday morning before school here for breakfast.  Since then, he's graduated and gone on to college and those breakfast dates have become fewer.    but today was an exception and we both said "how about Maple Tree."    I think after today it will be Maple Tree no more.  Oh the service was good but the place was dirty.  The chair, once filled with people, now sit empty and stained.   the creamer for my coffee curdled.    We had our usual:  Me: Ham steak with toasted english and a side of cottage cheese  my son: Monte Cristo with double turkey, no ham and a side of hard boiled eggs.    Kudos for doing the hard boiled eggs..not many places will do those.    but the usually delicious Monte Cristo was sadly lacking.  It wasn't crusty..but rather limp and soggy.  We brought it home thinking it might fare better after it got cold. (6 hours later and still not)   So many wonderful and joyous memories we have to our pre-school breakfasts together and now we probably won't be back.  While I realize it is a sign of the times with the economy and 14.9% unemployment in Las Vegas, this place was always packed to waiting on the sidewalk for a table.  While we were there, a good hour, only 1 other table came in.    I'm afraid that we will have to find another goto place and play taps for this one.  12/29/2011:  this is the 3rd time I've been back since writing the review and sadly it is still the same except the service has completely vanished.  hard to do when there are so few tables to begin with.  But they managed it.  2 diners.  1 gets their good..11 minutes later the 2nd diner gets there and they completely forgot the soup which should have at the very least come out with the 1st diner's soup and salad.  Also, the shabby attitude of the waitress when asking for cream or arguing with us when I refused the soup is not very customer service oriented.  I know I said I wouldn't go back after the last disaster but you know people have bad days. and it is in my "hood" but I'll have to schelp to somewhere my $$ is appreciated.
I really planned my way around this place for breakfast earlier than my usual. I got here a little after 7am because I had errands to run near by and plus I've had this place bookmarked long enough!  I Asked the server what was popular?.. She says "Monte Cristo and the New England Benedict (I remember this was on Yelp's quick tip list.. and the fried bread, but i'll get to that in a bit!)   I chose to go with the New England Benny because I've had a Monte Cristo before, elsewhere. The crab cake benedict was an eggs benedict but the ham was subsituted with a couple patties of crab cakes instead. Clever and interesting idea but I wasn't impressed with it. The crab's flavor didn't do it for me. The hollandaise sauce was typical and satisfying. The other half of the plate was filled with seasoned potatoes. They were edible, I just put a lot of ketchup and pepper on them! I feel they were overcooked.   The Fried Bread was a different story.. more like a night and day difference! Now this may had been one calorie packed creation BUT it was worth trying. It looked like a loaf of bread, powdered sugar on top and maple syrup sitting on the bottom of it. Oh My Fried Goodness.. Save room for this!! Its Fluffy with a Sweet Donut Flavor! The server also gave me a sample of their Pure maple syrup to taste the difference. The Pure maple had a lighter flavor and thinner consistency.. the regular maple was fine.  Server was Very Friendly and Courteous, Place looked dated and kinda runned down (old/dirty carpet and lighting makes it even worse) and value was ok for size ( but fried bread was definitely worth it)   I may try the Monte Cristo and their Maple French Toast, If I ever go back..
Stuffy, sticky air, like back in the day before casinos discovered circulating fresh air. Needs new carpet (adds to the smellyness). Crab cakes were very gluey (I don't understand the raves for these. They're nothing like the real-deal lump crab meat crab cakes). The fried bread is good, but the "raspberry puree," while tasty, is not actually raspberry puree - its the red goo that's used in jelly donuts. Red, raspberry-flavored corn syrupy stuff. Whatcha gonna do. This is super basic, generic breakfast food. Perhaps the owner doesn't care to watch the food network and maybe get some new ideas or up the quality game so he can get better reviews and then more business. Just sayin...   Two stars for nice waitress, good service, fresh coffee.  Owner doesn't accept Radio Shopping Show or Entertainment Book coupons anymore, fyi. Be aware.  Overall, I am not motivated to return for any reason.
Disappointed. I absolutely love finding great new breakfast joints.  This was a cute place upon entering. Reminded me of someones grandma's house. But that's where the compliments end.   We ordered french toast and an omelet and it was not tasty nor well prepared.   I was looking for something to awaken my taste buds, especially for your first meal of the day.   I got a greasy overcooked omelet and the french toast? Oh my, I might as well have popped in a frozen one from the grocery.
In my opinion this restaurant is way overrated. I was expecting greatness as per all of the Review Journal write ups, etc. Total maximum let down. I wanted the food to kick ass because it is close to my house, nope it ain't dope!   FYI: They won't accept the two for one coupon that was printed in the 2011 Entertainment guide. I learned they have a small sign on the door that says no coupons accepted. Oops I missed that one on the way in, could have saved me an embarassing moment when the waitress went into her rant that the Entertainment guide group put them in without permission. Well shit, If I owned a business I would honor it rather than making a potential customer feel like they just comitted a crime by presenting a coupon. My bad I did not see the tiny index card of a note on the door so sue me! That is tacky anyways in my opinion.  Anyways now let's get onto the food part...  Had breakfast, Omelette and country potatoes with toast. Toast was over toasted and my denver style omelette was dry...come on really? Um not impressed, my pal ordered pancakes and sausage just ok. I expect better than ok from a restaurant that has as many rave reviews as it does. I understand we ordered simple...however if they are sub par on simple meals I can't imagine the outcome of anything else.   We ate, we paid and will never look back...  There are too many mind blowing restaurants in Vegas for breakfast to ever consider The Maple Tree as an option.  Service sucked, food mediocre.  They have good coffee that was the best part of our meal which is not saying much.
I dined here several months ago and thought I would throw my two cents in here. The place is decorated like your grandma's house in 1960. This might work if Maple Tree  was a separate house or cottage, but this joint is in a strip mall, so time to change the wallpaper dude. Of course, lousy wallpaper can be overlooked if the food is good. Perhaps I should have went for breakfast, but I was on a burger kick and me and a buddy went in for the Maple Burgers. This was supposed to have maple bacon, but i could not taste it - actually I could not even eat the thing and here is why. Ordering a well-done burger must bring out panic in some $10 hr grill guy's world because 60% can't cook it right, even when I say burn it. Well 45 minutes later with the place half-empty, still no burger. Eventually I had to ask for it to go and very lucky for maple Tree management that it went that route. I enjoy confronting owners and this burger after an hour was still not cooked to even a medium well. Fuming at my pad, I fired up my backup lunch and I wrote it off cause my buddy had paid,  but with the slow service, civil war-era decorations and lousy food, this place needs to be avoided.
I was sorely disappointed.  I had made a reservation for six for breakfast, which was not honored.  We waited over an hour for a table, then just as it was ready, if was given to another party.   The manager, waitresses, hostesses, etc. could not have been more inconsiderate or uncaring.  It was a special occaision, and my family was here from out of town.  We never got to have our meal, since there were planes to catch.  No apologies either from the restaurant.  I wrote separate letters to the owners and managers and did not receive a response.  I will never go to this establishment and tell everyone I know and meet not to visit this establishment.  There are a number of choices in this town for them to exhibit this behavior.
Okay we had a chance to check this place out. We ordered the RVP with a side of sausage and  biscuits with gravy side of scrambled eggs and ham. The RVP was good actually very good and the sausage was great. The biscuits with gravy were just okay, we've had better. It was more on the bland side.   As far as the bill it came out $37, kinda steep for two people that only ordered that with water and juice to drink. Not sure if we will be back.
Hubby and I were super excited try this place. We had heard great things about it. We bought a groupon back in May for it. We decided when we got there to order one lunch entree and one breakfast and share.   Hubby got corn beef hash breakfast with fried egg and pancakes and an apple fritter. I got the chicken fried steak lunch with a salad with ranch. We also each got a maple iced coffee. My salad came out first, looked ok, started eating it and like 6-7 pieces of the lettuce were brown, slimy and rotten looking. Kinda grossed me out and I only ate a couple bites. The ranch was good...but not amazing like the waitress said. Food came out and looked ok. The chicken fried steak was good but NO Texas chicken fried steak and the gravy was yellow...what the heck??? Came with barely toasted bread and nasty frozen mixed veggies, hubby's food was just ok. The eggs weren't cooked right, and the pancakes were just ok. The corn beef hash was ok. Overall....NOT impressed. We used our groupon and will never go back.
Came here twice and was forgotten in the waiting area, even when the restaurant was half empty. Never coming back again!!!! Food can't be that good to be disrespected like that.
Out of Apple Fritter Out of Fried  Bread Out of Country Potatoes Almost empty ketchup Never fills up your drinks  (I asked twice, and I still never got my water) Burned toasts Dry bacon Waited forever to get seated Waited forever to order Waited forever for the food Misleading menu  I can't believed that I got dragged here a second time. NEVER AGAIN!
**Summary**        - Seating - We arrived at 10:30 on a Saturday morning and had a 20 minute wait.        - Ordering - It took another 10 minutes to place an order. They had two waitresses and a bus boy for the entire place.        - Service - The staff is nice and pleasant. However, it took 30 minutes for the food to arrive and probably 5-10 minute each time we asked to refill water.        - Understaffed - The main reason I wouldn't come back. From walking into the door to food arriving at the table was an entire hour. The management must be horrendous.        - Availability - They were out of both fried bread and apple fritters. I ended up with their wheat toast that just tasted awful.        - False Advertising - A lot of the items on the menu say "sausage or bacon, and ham," but they actually mean "sausage, bacon, or ham."        - Home Cooking - The food does have a more home cooked feeling as compared to Denny's or IHOP. However, I don't know if the price hike and wait is really worth it. **Ordered**        - Red Velvet Pancakes - Three huge fluffy pancakes. The only reason I'd even think about coming back to this place. It was true carbicide.        - Starter Omelet - You get one meat, one cheese, and one vegetable. Nothing too special. **Recommendations**        - I'd say if you don't mind waiting and are really feeling like red velvet pancakes come here. Other than that, I'd stay away.
I have been to the Maple Tree twice and after reading the reviews it appears that some type of new ownership took over in the middle of 2011 so this review will only be on my most recent visit even though the issues I had previously were almost the same  Arrival Arrived at 1:10 on a Sunday, there was a wait but since the sign states please wait to be seated by hostess we were not aware you needed  to walk to the back of the restaurant to tell them you wanted to be on the list. Either way about 10 minutes into waiting at the front door with 3 other parties a lady came up and asked if we were on the list. We informed her that no one came and put us on the list. She told me that it was not an issue they would have a table available soon. We were said about 5 minutes after that.   Beverage Service After we were sat we waited about 5 minutes to have a beverage order taken. We ordered 2 iced teas and 2 root beers. The server brought out 2 teas that had almost all of the ice melted in them and 2 children's root beers for my sons (age 10 & 12) without any ice in them. We flagged down another server for a cup of ice to get our drinks chilled down. In regards to beverage service we were never offered ANY refills on the tea or soda for the remainder of the time we were sitting there. I did notice the staff walking through offering refills on coffee so I guess we should have gone that route.  Food Order We placed our food order shortly after our beverages arrived so by my guess it was not about 20-25 minutes into our arrival at Maple Tree. We ordered the following items:  Breakfast Burrito Ham & Cheese Scramble w/ Apple Fritter Biscuits & Gravy w/ side order of bacon Country Fried Steak w/ Apple Fritter  As you can see NONE of these items are extremely difficult to make and it should NOT take 45+ minutes for them to arrive to the table. It is sad when my children realize that the order is taking WAY too long.   Food Quality  Biscuits & Gravy - When the food arrived the biscuits and gravy were cold (my girlfriend had to actually get up and take her plate to someone to have it remade since ALL of the staff was in the back because by this time the restaurant was closed).   Country Fried Steak - They were only able to give us 1 apple fritter because they had run out so I was brought sourdough toast that had so much butter on it that it was soggy. I also ordered hash brown potatoes but I was served Country Potatoes and 1/2 of the potatoes were so undercooked they were not edible.   Even with quality issue with the B&G and the PLUS 45 minute wait no one ever came to the able to offer an apology nor did anyone try to turn the situation around and save a customer.  There is ZERO chance that I will ever go to the Maple Tree again!
This used to be one of our favorite places for breakfast, but the original owners sent it on the skids before selling out last year.   Our waitress took our orders and returned with a miniscule sample of a coffee cake "that just come out of the oven" though it was served at room temperature. We each ordered French toast stuffed with strawberry cream cheese and topped with strawberries.  The cream cheese filling was little more than a smear and the French toast itself was pretty ordinary.   Based on our experience on this trip and last, I feel the new owner needs to immediately address pricing (too expensive) and quality (disappointing) issues.
I wasn't really feeling this place. I was already turned off when the line was out the door and they refused to take names. I understand that they were completely inundated with Groupon holders who needed to redeem, but a waitlist would go a long way. Instead, everyone was forced to stake their place in line waiting for a seat. They called groups based on group size according to how big a table they had available instead of first come first serve, which was also a bit off-putting.  After a 45 minutes wait, my mom and I were finally seated. Our drink and food orders were taken right away. We looked around and no one had food. Not a good sign. The staff was clearly overwhelmed with the large crowd and did their best to remain cheerful. We waited, and waited and waited. Finally our orders came out about 50 minutes after we ordered. We were starving at this point and just ate quickly and wanted to get out of there. They forgot my fritter, so I just had them package it to go.   The food was ok, nothing amazing but I do highly recommend the fritter. It was fresh and tasty. Everything else was just basic breakfast fair. The place is incredibly small and a better organizational system would do wonders for them. Pleasant enough staff.   I probably won't be back though.
Let me start off by saying the first time I ate here I enjoyed it but every time after has been worse and worse. The food for the most part is average with the exception of the fry bread, cinnamon rolls, and apple fritter. Don't hold your breathe in getting one of these though as it seems they always run out extremely quickly. The last time I came here I decided it would be the last. My party of 4 waited an hour for our food. There was no apology and our waitress seemed to have an attitude with us when we questioned where our food was. I like to support family run businesses but never again for this one!
Middle of the week, not very many customers, and the service was slow. Food was average, but did notice food not eaten by customers. Found burnt onion peel in scrambled eggs and hash browns.  I think this cafe has a new chef, the waitress had to keep telling him he was doing ok. The chef kept yelling "Food up" and the whole cafe could hear him, get a small bell or light, not that pleasant. I do not know how this could be the best of Las Vegas?
Had a coupon from kshp for this place....under new ownership, I think these ones one last long either.  This is a one and done for me.  I eat out at least 40 meals a month so I know my food.  First off the decor is fine, cute little place.  Service was fine, pleasant waitress.  Coffee average, but when I saw their specialty was an apple fritter made in ThisFABULOUS maple syrup, I was so excited as I consider myself a donut junky.  Omg then it arrived, there is noooooo way this is even made on the premises, it looked like one of those doughy Vons fritters, annnnnnnnnnnnd they charge $3.99 for it.  Worst item ever for the money at a restaurant.  Breakfast burrito was mushy and the eggs my friend ordered were undercooked.  To top it all off they charged an extra $8.99 omelet to my check (by accident ) they said.  Would definitely say stay out of koreatown for this meal.
When we got in there is a sign that says "wait to be seated", so we waited. The place was pretty empty and the one waitress was chatting with a table. After a few minutes she looked over at us and just told us sit anywhere. Rude! I got the big breakfast which is pretty much a sample of every staple. Bacon, sausage, ham, eggs, country potatoes, toast. Everything tasted like nothing. Except the potatoes they were chard. My hubby got pancakes which were equally tasteless. When I went to pay the bill The waitress asked me how everything was and I told her. As she was running my card she says "Oh, you should have told me earlier. i would have done something". Guess what, you could do something now and not charge me. I will never EVER be back to this place.. EVER!
We went there last Sunday for breakfast. Husband ordered the Ham Steak breakfast with eggs, potatoes & toast (dry). Toast came out with butter, ok not really that big a deal right! I ordered biscuits & gravy & added bacon & eggs (ordered poached). The biscuits & gravy & bacon came out, no eggs...I asked the girl about the eggs, she went to the back. She finally came out with them & they were fried eggs. The biscuits had such a strong yeast taste & the gravy was bland & expensive for the quality. We won't be back for sure! Unfriended them on FB as well!
the red velvet pancakes were horrible and brown, and potatos were over cooked and bland.. would not recommend
We decided to try this place again, yesterday. I looked online at the new menu (I need to plan ahead and try to see what would do the less damage to my new restricted diet guidelines). BTW, I had gotten a message from the new manager about coming back after my last review (disappointing bread crumbs filled crab cakes lacking lump crab meat; a huge change from previous visits). We were planning on using the entertainment coupon (which they still do accept). However, yesterday was a packed house. (Immediately, we noticed the new decor and theme of the restaurant- it's gone yuppy (black paint and sleek modern lines), kinda like the Luxor when it dumped the Egyptian theme; a shame, because there was an old country charm about it before, kinda like the unchanged original Omelet House). We opted to sit at the bar (warning: small stools), but it was facing the sun, so it was warm (even with the blackout shade); my husband got uncomfortable really quick. As we were looking at the menus, I noticed that there numerous changes to the menus, not reflected online (update, please!). We were sitting for a good eight minutes, but were ignored by the wait staff. Another patron sat next to us at the bar. Almost immediately, his drink order was taken (we didn't get any acknowledgement, except from the hostess, upon entering the restaurant). My husband got up, and declared to me that we were leaving. So, with that, we'll never be back.
We've been going to the same places for Saturday breakfast so we decided to try this Cafe as a change because I remember going there years ago with my father.  The decor is nice and modern but that's about it. We sat down and waited 10 minutes before someone asked if we had placed a drink order. There were probably 10 people seated so it wasn't busy. I ordered the New England Benny which was good but my wifes Country Fried Steak looked like a thick cut piece of pot roast that was breaded and fried. It was very dry and stringy. My daughters Red Velvet pancakes where dry as well even with cream cheese frosting. The food was ok but the faults lie in the wait staff. They werent rude, just absent. We had to ask 2 times for sugar (which isnt on the table) for my wife's ice tea and thank goodness for ordering water cause after finishing our drinks no one even bothered to check and see if we needed refills or even how our meal was. We say or waitress 3 times total. Once to order both our drinks and meal cause we had more then enough time to look and 2 times when she dropped off our meals. That was it. The only time we had prompt service is when my wife spilled her water and a server magically appeared with a towel next to me. The part that I found to be very awkward was when the check came. I handed the hostess my card, she returned with the paper for me to sign and just awkwardly stood at the table and waited for my wife to fill out the paper. That has never happened to us before. It felt like we were being hussled out. And when we left and past the hostess she didn't even acknowledge us on the way out. I'm a chef at a five star hotel on the strip and if this had happened at one of our restaurants the staff would be terminated. I hope that the problems that I saw (which are just my own opinion) get fixed cause this new Maple Leaf Cafe has potential.
Horrible service in every area today. We waited at the host stand for over 4mins as well as another party; they sat themselves but we waited. Finally sat we waited for drinks for several mins. We ordered the breakfast burrito and the spring rolls. Well the spring rolls were way over cooked and the breakfast burrito was made with sausage instead of bacon like it was ordered. The hash browns were burnt as well. After in forming the server she looked at us and just shrugged her shoulders like oh well! She did bring the food back to the kitchen and explained to the cook about the food and we heard the cook say it's not burnt they don't know what their talking about. The food came back cooked ok but not anything like we were used to before the remodel. We loved this place but now we won't be back!
Not terrible, but definitely JUST OKAY. My husband had a Ham & Cheese Omelette with Hash Browns and Sourdough Toast with a side of Fried Bread. I had the Maple Tree French Toast which is cornflake coated. The bread used for my French Toast was very small and thin. The cornflakes weren't crushed enough. There were just cornflakes randomly pressed into the bread. I have had French Toast that is cornflake coated before and it's a lot more fine and the French Toast is COATED. The Maple Syrup was nothing special at all. The Fried Bread was just fine. Service was super awesome, yummy Iced Tea, and very cute decor. Overall, the food wasn't terrible, but was mediocre and nothing special... at all.
Horrible!  Horrible!  HORRIBLE!!!  If you are going to this restaurant due to seeing it on RESTAURANT: IMPOSSIBLE, don't bother!  It's not worth it!  My husband and I were there today (Oct. 1, 2012) at 12:30 pm.  It took about 5-10 minutes after we were seated to get our drinks ordered.  Then our food order was taken. FIFTY MINUTES later, we were STILL waiting for our food!  People who came in well after us got their hot food while we sat there!  We finally got up and left, paying for our drinks, and got lunch elsewhere.  The pre-pubescent "server" with short, blond hair (Hayley??)  couldn't have cared less and had a crappy attitude!  Robert Irvine needs to come back and kick some butt, though I doubt this would help with this staff who obviously don't care about the customers.  I agree with someone else's comment that this place needs to be on Restaurant Stakeout!  Once the "thrill" of seeing this place on RESTAURANT: IMPOSSIBLE wears off, I give this place six months tops before it's gone.   I wish I could give this place less that one star as a one is WAY too high!   Don't bother coming here.  This place DESERVES to fail!  Definitely won't be back! NOTHING was done to try to make up for the issue.  One would think that we would have been told not to worry about our drinks. !   Nope.  NOTHING.   My husband is a diabetic.  He had already taken his insulin thinking that we'd have our food within 20 minutes at the latest....not be sitting there FIFTY MINUTES later without food!  We had to get him something to eat. The owner just gives a lot of EXCUSES, just like she did on RESTAURANT: IMPOSSIBLE.  I can handle an APOLOGY (which we DID NOT get!); not incompetence!   The fact that this place barely has three starts should tell you something.  NOT worth going to!
We came here for late breakfast..early lunch.. And I have to say I'm disappointed with all the hype my friends have for the joint. I got the cinnamon roll french toast and coffee. It didn't come with eggs, potatoes, meats nada.. Wait it came with an orange slice. Here's the kicker.. It cost me $14!! So many better places where I can get a huge breakfast for less. I'm actually still a little hungry :(
Went there years ago, did not like the ambience. Went there few weeksa ago and liked the ambience. However, my hashbrowns were half raw and the toast was the 69 cent kind that was as small as the palm of my hand, and smaller, it was processed not whole wheat and had something resembling butter barely drizzled on it. The coffee was weak and not at all good. The egg whites were good. Service good, but waitress could have smiled once or twice. I would never go here again, Try Cracked Egg. They have sourdough toast that is delicious and the coffee, the best!!
In Vegas for the weekend was told this had the best breakfast. Sad to say that is not what we got. Arrived on a Sunday around 11. We were seated and a drink order was taken right away. After the drinks came and we ordered food it took about 20 minutes for the food to come out. When it arrived it was Luke warm. I had the monte cristo which was good but the meat inside was cold as though it had just been taken out of the cooler. My husband had the kielbasa breakfast which was decent but the potatoes were room temperature. I would not go out of my way to eat here again.
Didn't leave an impression on me.  Came here for lunch today because my coworker saw them on the show "Restaurant Impossible" on the food network, so I was expecting to be somewhat blown away.  Unfortunately I wasn't.   The restaurant is located in Chinatown. This particular location has horrible parking. When we walked inside, I was underwhelmed at the set up and decor. Nothing spectacular and not inviting.   I wanted to order a buffalo chicken sandwich until the server informed me it was ground chicken as opposed to a breast meat. I opted for sliders instead.  It wasn't good. I've definitely had better at other American chain restaurants.   Service was alright. Again, nothing to rave about. They were attentive enough.   Overall for a show that's been on national television I was definitely expecting something more.. A wow factor you might say.  However I won't be making a repeat visit.
I've been there three times since the Restaurant Impossible folks came through.  I can see the old habits coming back each time I go in and after this last visit, I probably won't go back.   Our server didn't know the menu and didn't seem to want to work that day.  She had no idea what kind of salad dressings they could offer.  She just kind of moped her way through our 45 minutes there.  The salads and a bowl of chili were served with the meal and not prior.   I ordered a hot sandwich.  When it was served, some of the meat was refrigerator cold.  Since the waitress was surprised, I touched the piece of meat I was referring to and she did the same.  I expected a replacement sandwich, but I can tell that all they did was put it in the microwave.  My room temperature bun was now very warm, my fries came back soggy and my pickle scalding hot.  It goes without saying that the meat the waitress touched was still in there.
I really don't like writing negative reviews but I was quite disappointed with The Maple Tree. I was excited to try this place after seeing it on Restaurant Impossible. If this is "after" transformation, I wonder what the "before" was like.  Even though it doesn't  fit in with the Asian businesses in the shopping center, the interior is nice and quaint.  We went on a Sunday morning and were the only non-Senior citizens for some reason. Luckily they have high chairs so they are kid friendly.  They advertised the Monte Cristo sandwich on their window so I ordered that along with Red Velvet Pancakes. My husband ordered the Country Fried Steak. We both got coffee and it tasted watered down. I didn't taste any Red Velvet in my pancakes. The Monte Cristo was interesting but nothing special. The Country Fried Steak was chewy and the batter wasn't sticking and wasn't flavorful at all. Their famous apple fritter was hard and didn't taste fresh. I has high hopes that I would like at least one thing we ordered since we ordered a lot of items; however we didn't like a single one of them.  Albeit the tasteless food, the service was good. The hostess and servers were friendly and attentive.   I was surprised to learn that they have two other locations in town which makes me wonder how they survive with mediocre food. Sadly, I will not be back.
My wife and I have been anxious to try this place since seeing it on Restaurant Impossible, especially since it's pretty close to an area we frequent.  The parking lot is a total cluster.  The outside of the establishment is ho-hum.  The interior is just as I remembered it from RI, but nothing spectacular.  Upon entering we were immediately greeted and told we could take a seat wherever we liked.  Unfortunately, the hostess wasn't the only thing that greeted us.  We were immediately hit with an incredibly foul odor.  I thought perhaps it was some kind of chemical smell.  My wife was sure it was more like a damp, mildew/mold funk.  Either way it was pretty overwhelming.  We were given some menus which, despite the sign outside indicating "Breakfast and Lunch", only seemed to contain breakfast items.  As it was already after noon and we were seeking lunch, we asked for, and received, lunch menus.  Nothing on the menu seemed spectacular to me.  During this time a young lady (I think her name was Bree) had already taken our drink order, continuing with what appeared to be pretty decent service.  By the time our drinks arrived we seriously hated the stench which filled the entire establishment.  There were two or three other tables filled with customers.  I assume they had all been in a combat environment which rendered them unable to smell; otherwise I can't imagine how they had consumed a meal in this joint.  Upon a bit of further discussion regarding the retched smell, we decided to leave a few bucks on the table to cover the iced tea, and bail out.  We did just that.  The smell was so bad we couldn't even stay to try to the food.  Never again.  This one is off the list.  I had high hopes, but this place didn't live up to the "smell test".
Well to start of we walked in and there was a horrible smell. Then my mom ordered coffee and she said it was the worst coffee she ever made. 30 minutes later when we got our food it was cold. Four people at our table and all our food was cold. Only thing that was good was hash towns. Would not recommend this place to anyone. Also if they have friends come in good luck getting any service.
Went to try this place because it was not too far from home and we wanted a small cafe style Sunday breakfast.  When we entered we were hit with a very foul odor, but stayed in spite of it.  Our mistake... the waitress took our drink order right away but it took 15 mins to get our drinks. The coffee was the worst cup o'joe i think i have ever drank it tasted like it was made with hose water. If you live in Vegas you know our water has alot to be desired...it all needs to be filtered!  We were never offered straws and after the first bad cup of coffee was never offered a second till halfway through our breakfast. Which was awful as well it took 40 minutes with only three other tables in the place filled we only had 4 people and ordered simple breakfast items.  I had the veggie benny which was like ice cold when it finally got there, the hollandaise  was like some glob of yellow stuff atop my poached eggs...it was like a yellow goo that didnt move it was disgusting the hash browns were so cold even the salt i added just sat on top like sprinkles. Needless to say all the orders at our table were cold and bad. However the table behind us which hosted some personal friends of one of the waitresses, arrived after us and received their food in record time...and it may even have been hot who knows..and at this point who cares. When the waitress came to clear the table she asked everyone to hand her the plates and other various items on our table. God forbid she actually walk two steps to the right and get the plates herself.  We waited and never saw her again after she finally brought us the bill. So we asked one of the other 4 waitresses to please take it so we could leave.  The pictures on the wall are smeared with food and grime. The tables are sticky from not being wiped down properly and the floors were just plain filthy. We will never go back and will let everyone we know not to go as well. This place is just bad all around.  Oh yeah one last note.... one of the waitresses seemed so stoned she couldn't even concentrate on wiping a table...she was in la la land for sure. Horrible....
Horrible service. I waited 20 mins for them to take my order and when she came, no friendly hello what can I get ya? All I got was "okay" followed by a blank stare. It took 30 mins for the food to come out and then it was cold. Very bland country fried steak. We walked. Did not pay and I'm never going to return. I'd rather go to arizona charlies for breakfast which is where I'm headed as I type this
The food was alright and the service was terrible. There were a ton of waitresses, but it took forever to even be able place our order.
This was our go to place for breakfast....then reality TV stepped in.  Went just after the change....was not impressed...the menu was not even close to the what it used to be...and the food was not that great either the eggs benedict had shaved ham...I didn't care for it...oh well.  Went again because friends wanted to check it out (they were picking up the check so I went along) It was Mother's day and the place was dead.  Went for the 3rd and last time yesterday because I found an unused Groupon..it was a Tuesday at about 11:30am there was one other table of 5 or 6. I had a California omlette it had sour cream on it that had a funky taste didn't eat that  pushed it to the side of my plate....the hashbrowns tasted like they had been sitting around for some time..and the toast was cold.  My daughter had the biscuits and gravy  the meat in it tasted like hotdogs.  Its too bad about this place because we used to enjoy going there for breakfast
Time they closed.  This was a favorite of ours before the tv transformation.  It lost all of its charm and would feel cold if they turned on the a/c.    Food wasn't great and menu has been reduced to not many choices.  Service was poor even though there was only one other table of 4 there.  You used to have to wait to get in and it was worth it.  Now forget it.  There are too many other good choices in Vegas to waste your time and money on this restaurant.  Restaurant Impossible ruined this restaurant and truly made it an impossible place to go to.
Went on the recommendation of a friend, and the positive Yelp reviews.  Food is terrible, service sub-par.  Menu items sound special on the menu, though everything is worse than bad cafe fare.  They don't even provide spoons to stir your coffee (wooden sticks).  Will not return.  If you want a FANTASTIC breakfast, go to Egg Works on Flamingo- THAT place is awesome.
As of 11/03/13 they appear to be closed by order of the courts and there is a for lease sign in the window.
I was in Las Vegas this week and the restaurant has been closed. It's kind of the pits....  I saw the Restaurant Impossible show and I planed to visit the place for breakfast.
Beware of large crowds.  If you see a mostly full dining room and a line a few deep at the register be prepared to commit a good hour of your evening to the Wei dynasty.   While waiting, try to get a seat facing the kitchen, which is in full view of the dining room; a dining room that is, in essence, a high school cafeteria in disguise.  (Don't be tempted to sit with the cool kids, it's a trap.  They'll only make fun of you.)  Facing the kitchen affords you a great entertainment option while you patiently wait for your food, because nothing is as wondrous as a fully-slammed, high volume kitchen.  Four to five line cooks man the woks, flinging wire baskets of meats and vegetables back and forth in a juggling show the likes of which I haven't seen since the Flying Karamazov Brothers.  At regular intervals large tongues of flame would leap up around the woks and bask the kitchen in an orange glow.  Pyro too!?  Best show off the strip!  I also had ample time to observe the food runner (is he a waiter? a busboy? indentured servant?) who was very pleasant, never letting the hectic pace of his shift dampen his spirits, and he was very kind when he told me that after my 30-plus minutes of waiting he was just informed that they were out of the main ingredient of my dish.  He offered a substitute and had no problems changing my order to "to-go," thankfully, because the kitchen show was starting to get a little repetitive and I was late for my movie.  The food itself was meh-inspiring, an improvement over Panda Express, but that's like saying the Dodge Aspen is better than the Plymouth Volar, which is not saying much, and if you're there at any sort of rush hour, the "fast" in "fast casual" goes out the window.  But if you've got a hankering for some ThaiChinapanese food at around 3pm on a Tuesday, I say go for it.
Went with my boyfriend one day while on this side of town. We were both famished and ordered it to go so we could sit outside with our puppy. We started with beers, which came with an icy cold glass- a nice touch. Beers were $3.50-4 a bottle, which is fairly reasonable. The restaurant has a quick turn over and fills up quickly. It's interesting being able to see the cooking going on in the background, though it feels awkward standing around waiting for your order. It's essentially a chipotle for asian food but a little fancier looking. I ordered the chile ramen with beef- essentially a lot of msg-laden egg noodles [like pancit] in a ponzu-mirin sauce with a little bit of beef and a few vegetables. It wasn't what I had anticipated and while it filled my gaping belly, wasn't something I'd ever order again. There was hardly any beef and the whole package was essentially stuffed with noodles, a super cheap ingredient. My boyfriend got a chicken dish that was recommended by the hostess but it had very little chicken, no veggies and tons of rice. Maybe it was because we ordered it to go...I'd eaten at other Pei Wei locations in town but it had been years ago, and the experience hadn't excited me enough then to draw me back over. I'd rather spend my money somewhere else and get a delicious meal as opposed to a wimpy one.
Asian food that tastes little like authentic Asian food -- even less than something like a PF Changs, I can't say I was impressed. I won't be returning to this place.
Watered down P.F. Changs never tasted so....just like you'd expect.  Pei Wei is a mystery to me.  It isn't quite what PF Changs used to be (I think the quality has drastically decreased over the last few years) and it isn't take-out Chinese either.  They offer a few different influences in their dishes (Korean, Thai, Chinese, Japanese) but all are bland and disappointing.  They're missing the point here.  Either go for the low cost, greasy take out we all love, or the more refined, pricier fare you'd find elsewhere.    Unfortunately Pei Wei is lost in the middle where it should be.
Pei Wei gets the bozack.  Super weak and fake (Chinese?) food.  It's like a sad, upscale aspiring Panda Express.  They even used that ubiquitous chopsocky type font from the 70's you usually see on karate schools and Chinese takeout boxes.  Panda Express is hokey too, but at least they know it.  I had some kind of beef noodle dish which I can only describe as severely overcooked ramen noodles with strips of teriyaki style beef.  They also put about 10 whole green onions in my bowl, which I thought was pretty funny.    Another thing that bugs me is that, I think whoever is behind Pei Wei just lumps all things asian together and can't distinguish the differences.
Very very salty and overseasoned. If you know Asian food and appreciate it in it's true form...don't go here. If you like the Americanized, PF Changs version of chinese food then by all means...
I waited forever for our food and it was just two of us. The entrees were incredibly bland. I will probably not return  Nice atmosphere though.
Difficult accessibility. Atmosphere is stale. Food is ok but, not worth the price.
If you love PF changs, or Americanized chinese food then this is the place for you.  Flavors were okay nothing amazing.  Not sure how we ended up here but left this place still asking for more.  Food was mediocre, not for me though   Im asian, I should've known better :P
Fast food chinese food.  I guess it would be ok for lunch if you worked around here.  No atmosphere and I had an allergic reaction even though they sworn there was no MSG in thefood.
This was my first visit to this location for Take Out last week.  The restaurant was located on W Charleston Blvd near the Red Rock Casino in Las Vegas.  I have been to a Pei Wei's in Denver a couple of times and have liked it.  I had an internet coupon for BOGO.    I ordered the Thai Coconut Chicken and the Broccoli Beef.  I specifically asked for the broccoli to be undercooked and the gal said that they always cook it that way.  The Thai Coconut Chicken had tender slices of white meat chicken.  It was okay.  The Broccoli Beef had yellow (old) pieces of overcooked broccoli and tough pieces of beef.  The rice was soaked with oily sauce.  I will not be back to this location.
I am stunned. I have read reviews and people say it is just like PF Changs. Whoa I don't think so. I was in the process of ordering online but since this was the first time I wanted to make sure they made it the crispy shrimp they advertise instead of just shrimp as it is on their online menu. I phoned the order in and told them crispy shrimp, with emphasis...instead when I got home I received soggy "honey glazed" chicken, which almost indefinitely was simply sweet and sour sauce. I was hoping to order a Mongolian style beef but since their Mongolian sauce is not spicy as indicated, I tried the black pepper instead and unfortunately they only have "steak" not beef. And it was the lowest quality of steak I have ever had, no exaggeration, it was literally beef jerky chunks, and to top it off (literally) it was layed over soggy fried rice (due to the black pepper sauce).  I am shocked people like their meals on top of each other like that.  Even Panda Express separates their dishes.  The lo mein noodles really didn't differ from Panda express except that it had some veggies here and there and dumped a cup of sugar in it, and for $9 with bland "crispy" yet dry chicken I will say that it was another disappointment.  The Thai peanut sauce tasted like something my young child would make, unedible.  I hope you don't waste your money here, BJ's restaurant is right there, as well as Islands, NY Pizza which has some of the best pizzas in town.
I have been a loyal Pei Wei fan since 2007 and have dined at their locations across the country. This location is BY FAR the worst in terms of speed of service and being on top of their game. I moved to Las Vegas back in October and this Pei Wei is very near my home. I like to order online and pick up my order on my way home. I tried to give them the benefit of the doubt the first few times, but I am about fed up with this location. I'm wondering if their parent company's recent financial woes and restructuring have affected all of their stores. I did notice that they've done away with the plastic cups used for dine-in beverages and have gone exclusively to disposable paper cups.  My main "beef" with them is the fact that today I placed my online order at 5:33 and received a confirmation that my order would be ready by 5:55. My order is normally ready at other locations WELL before the promised-by time, however this location's sloppy staff just doesn't get it.  Today I received my order at 6:05, more than 30 minutes after placing my order. Some might say I am being way too picky, but it is all about pleasing the customer, and this location falls short of this consistently. The staff is ever changing (including management), so I'm not sure what the story is here.  The food quality is still good, however I noticed today I had no condiment bag with my order that usually contains sauces and fortune cookies. It looks like Pei Wei is cutting back, and that is not what I would expect from this chain.  I hope corporate will take a look at this fledgeling location.
We were in the mood for some Chinese food one evening, and really didn't feel like hiting Panda Express again (although in hindsight, it would have been a better choice.)  We had tried a Pei Wei in San Antonio in the fall of 2012. I wasn't overly impressed then, but thought we'd give it another shot. We were over on the west side of town geocaching and this one was close to where we finished for the day.  We came in on an early Friday afternoon and the place wasn't very busy so we thought we'd be able to grab a quick meal with some decent service. We placed our order for two steak lo mein dinners with a side of pork rolls. We sat down and waited...and waited...and waited while our food sat dying on the pass. Finally the three busboy/waiters came in from their smoke break on the patio. They brought Brenda's food over and then the pork rolls. We asked about my dinner and said that was it. We pulled out the receipt and sure enough, even though the cashier repeated back that we ordered 2 lo meins, he only rang us up for one. Since I already had a bad taste in my mouth from our last visit to a Pei Wei, I declined to go up and order again.  I tried the pork rolls and they were so greasy the mustard wouldn't even stick to them. I tasted Brenda's lo mein and the noodles really didn't have much flavor at all. I suppose that having the food sit at the pass under a heat lamp for 15 minutes while the server was on his smoke break didn't help much. This place is really disorganized. While we were there, we watched a table of 4 get served. Three of the four people got their food while the fourth got served only after a 10 minute wait and finally complaining to the staff.  When the waiter came around to ask how our food was, he only asked me (the person who didn't have food in front of him). He ignored Brenda completely. Zero stars is way to high of a rating for this place. We could have had a much better meal at Panda Express at a better price with better service.   In baseball, it's three strikes and you're out. This place won't even get the opportunity to see the third pitch.
I really don't know how this place has 4 stars. It is very expensive for what it is, not healthy, smaller portions, not tastier food than panda express (not that panda express has tasty food).   I only gave this place 2 stars because the online ordering system is convenient enough, and service is efficient. If you want Chinese, I would totally recommend to drive a little further.  You can't really go wrong by not coming into this place.
Total disappointment, food drowned in sodium!!! Soup, chicken dish, noodles... all tasted like it was saut in salt oil.
I don't get why everyone loves this place. Food is not good. Staff is very polite and well trained, which I should give more stars for. Unfortunately, I give it 1 star to offset all the people who seem to get confused by popularity and chain sales. They shadow a terrible product with corporate know how.   The hot and sour soup tasted like salted soy sauce with a bunch of corn starch. The dan dan noodles were over cooked with no flavor. Nothing like Chinese food. Sesame and orange chicken were overly sweet and salty. This is corporate knowledge that salt and sweet are addictive flavors. They're better off selling overly sweet salty product to get you to keep coming back. I guess it's working because they were busy
I hate to give this place 2 stars because I truly love the food!  But they were severely under staffed and it created a horrible experience. Management needs to learn to manage and staff accordingly.   We arrived and the place was overwhelmingly packed the line very long which is to be expected at 7 pm on Saturday night. I decided to grab the only available table while my husband ordered our food. The table was dirty but it was the only unoccupied one so I asked to have it cleaned 4-6 minutes later the young man came back to clean the table.   When our food arrived we weren't given silverware or plates. We went up to the counter and the silverware dispensers were all empty and there were no plates the hot mustard and chili sauces were all empty  as well . We asked for plates and silverware and had to wait a few minutes while our food got cold. I went to get some of the mandarin tea and it was empty and the chai was empty too! Due to the fact there was no clean tables, no clean silverware , dishes , the condiments were empty and we had no plates I have no choice but to give 2 stars.
"Did you change your menu?"  No  "Then what is this?  I ordered Chicken Lettuce Wraps"  Oh, you ordered them spicy, so those are the *NEW* Thai Chicken Lettuce Wraps.  ...  Don't try to guess what I want, and give me an entirely different dish.  Also, I'm pretty sure if you are referring to a dish as new, it means the menu has changed.
What the hell happened here?? The service is slow, food is mediocre, quality is slipping, dining area is dirty and decrepit... This used to be an inexpensive alternative to PF Changs.. Now it's a half step above Denny's. You're off your game BIG TIME.
This place is way beyond average..Chop n Wok or Flo's is a must go. If you have to have Pei Wei eat there and try something with scallops for a change
"Hi, may I take your order?" blah blah blah I order Then, I feel like they should have said: "Would you like some food to go with that sodium?" Gross.  Couldn't even eat it.
I pretty much don't care for any location of Pei Wei, but I'm reviewing this one as my office occassionally orders from this location.  I don't totally loathe Pei Wei (hence the two stars), but if I had a choice to eat there I wouldn't. Anytime I have gotten chicken lettuce wraps from here they are always very greasy.  Their wonton soup is pretty much broth with a couple of wontons.  The blazing noodles are ok, but are a bit too spicy for me.   The worst thing about this location is their teeny tiny parking lot. You can rarely ever find a parking space here. You can park around the corner in the neighborhood or across the street at the antique shop. If you plan to eat here on your lunch break from work good luck to you. You're better off getting take out. This place is so packed during the week for lunch you could probably spend your entire lunch hour and more waiting.
My wife and I have gave them two chances. I wish we hadn't. Both times the food tasted...off. I won't hasten to guess the reason of the "offness", but I had to stop eating the food both times for fear of becoming ill.
I don't even care about authenticity issues.  I'd eat a sushi filled with a taco if it was delicious.  the food here is just criminally bland.
The food is Okay. Not great, not terrible. But I think for what they are charging it should be better than okay. Also the tofu tastes wierd. I think it could use more flavoring. The orange chicken is very spicey, almost too spicey to not even enjoy it. The sweet&sour is good.
Pei Wei makes me sad.  Sad because it is literally the ONLY "Chinese" food a downtown resident of the 5th largest city in the country can get for lunch on a lazy hungover Sunday afternoon.  :-(
This location is on my list!   Let me give you a rundown of what happened last week.  Keeping in mind I have been to this location many times and have had a great experience.   We were hungry, didn't know what to get so we did the old standby and went to Pei Wei.  We went in, place our order:  -Pei Wei Spicy Chicken Salad -Thai Dynamite Chicken with brown rice -Vietnamese Chicken Salad Rolls. We were handed a buzzer (#8) because we were taking it to-go and were told the order will be about 10 min.... 15 min passed and I thought wow this is taking awhile, but I didn't want to be pushy so we waited, and waited, and waited and at 20 min, I looked at a table of people that placed their order after us. They were enjoying their meal... WHAT THE....?!?!?! So I walked over and said, "excuse me we haven't been buzzed and the people that placed their order after us seem to be enjoying their meal."  She looked over at a bag just sitting on the counter (for God knows how long) and laughed and said in a "giggly voice" can I get you chop sticks or forks.  I thought to myself, it's not EVEN worth getting mad, just leave... So I said both please, and left.    Meanwhile we get to our destination, open our bag to:  - Coconut Curry Chicken - a container with a plain salad - a container of chicken that goes in a lettuce wrap - Vietnamese Chicken Salad Rolls(that looked like they were rolled by a waffle cone maker.  -and a sack of condiments.   WHAT THE.....?!?!?!?!  So I am LIVID at this point, but my partner makes the call, because I would probably reach through the phone at this point.... Everything was resolved over the phone.  Unfortunately, for us our dinner experience did not meet our expectations on any level...   I have been here when this manager  was working before.  I remember him being extremely helpful, very nice, and really knows his customer service.   Unfortunately, I think it was a result of one person that completely ruined my experience.  It will be some time before I go to this Pei Wei again.
Nice setup, hard to find a parking spot, and the food, too american to be consider real Asian food especially the Pad Thai, terrible!  Need I say more. Other restaurants in the area that are so much better in so many ways.
Sunday afternoons at one require more than one cashier. Lined up customers for dine in, and a growing line for pick up and take out. A tad dysfunctional. Wound up @ Tokyo express...
What the heck?! My fiance and I eat here weekly, this is my neighborhood Pei-Wei and our experiences have been crazy bad lately! :(  Last time my fiance ordered Kung Pao Chicken. It came out with no snow peas. My fiance asked about it and the server says, "yeah, we just ran out of them". No extra peanuts, no "can I substitute something else for you?"...nothing. End of discussion, apparently.   Tonight we go in about 7:30pm and my fiance was daydreaming a bit after he received his receipt. The cashier informed him, "you can leave now".  We receive our usual; his Kung Pao Chicken and my lettuce wraps. His Kung Pao noodles were so overcooked they were like chewing paste. My lettuce wraps tasted fine, but two hours later and I was incapacitated with stomach pains. Just finished expunging the remainder of the wraps, and I am starting to feel okay. And no, it could not have been anything else I ate. Or a virus. They don't come and go so quickly.   Next time we are craving Pei-Wei, we will be making the drive to the East Phoenix location.
I love the food here but its getting harder and harder to find a parking spot. They share a small parking lot with starbucks and a place upstairs called The Side Bar. I highly recommend you never go here after 5pm if you want dinner because you will NEVER find a parking spot. I would suggest going to one of their other locations in the valley.
First time here and what a big disappointment!  I like Pei Wei, been to several branches but this is one that I will not go back to.  Our order was taken efficiently but when the food came, the beef dish we ordered was super salty!  So we hailed a server and told her that the dish was too salty.  All she could say was, do you want to have the dish changed?  So we decided to have only one order replaced since we were halfway through eating the other order which came with the fried rice (that we liked) we would changed just one order of the same dish.  We had ordered two.  So she took one dish away and also removed the other dish.  Maybe we had a communicated breakdown (she could barely speak English), but she replaced only one dish.  So why did she take the other dish away too????  She had an angry face and was not happy at all!  Guess my complaint is, we paid for a dish, it got taken away and there was no offer to refund us???  Yes, one order was replaced, which was still too salty but we decided to just let it go.  That's all I have to say about that...
We eat at Pei Wei quite frequently and this location was, by far, the worst.  We went fairly late on a Saturday night so, while they were busy, they weren't THAT busy.  We waited over 15 minutes for our food - which they brought out separately.  My husband's arrived.  Then mine.  Then my niece's.  These were not spaced out by 1 minute - we're talking 3-5 minutes.  That is a long time for food to sit and get cold if you are being polite and waiting for others to eat.  I ordered the diner select honey seared chicken like I *always* do.  When it arrived, I counted my chicken pieces.  That's right - there were so few I counted them.  I had exactly 5 little chicken morsels (about the size of a piece of popcorn chicken) for my $6.50 + drink dinner.  I think I could have done better at Panda, thanks, and your quality isn't THAT much better that I would turn my nose up at Panda to eat your 5 chicken bites.  DH was okay with his steak - although in my opinion there wasn't enough of that either.  Overall we'll keep going to Pei Wei, but the 7th Avenue location is off our list.
I occasionally order take- out from this one, so I will address the McDowell location specifically.  The parking lot is completely too small for the volume of lunch and dinner business they generate. It's in a bad part of Phoenix, so I don't recommend parking down one of the neighborhood streets. However, if you need a Phoenix cop, this place is swarming with them like flies. One day I counted (5) patrol units in the parking lot.  The food is good however, and they are amenable to changing menu items to suit your palate. Though a bit overpriced for what is essentially "fast food" it's still tastes better than other Chinese take-out joints.
I have eaten at other Pei Wei locations and have been satisfied.  However last nights purchase of four entrees was very disappointing.  The Dan Dan steak entree was so overcooked I think they mixed up our order with the nursing home order, you couldn't eve bite the noodles, they just mushed in your mouth.  The teriyaki chicken was also overcooked, totally dried out and without any sauce on the meat or veggies.  To top off the insult, only 2 fortune cookies came with our order of 4 entrees, is the economy so bad we are sharing fortune cookies now?
This use to be one of my favorite places for lunch but it has gone considerably down hill since the chain was bought out by a non local investment firm.  Service is lackluster at best and thy do not provide a level of service the business use to maintain.  Staff act as if they are doing you a favor by being served and are not the least bit friendly.  On several occasions, I have been cut off by a staff member who was in a hurry to get somewhere.  If you order a combo plate, the bring your entree out with the soup so your entree will be cold by the time you finish the app.  Overall, the food quality is about the same.  They need to improve their service if they don't wish to lose diners.
I've been to other locations several times but this was my first and last visit to this location. I always order the Thai Coconut Curry with chicken and rice noodles. I placed my order just like that. The person ringing me up seemed very distracted as she asked me three times if I wanted brown or white rice. I said rice noodles a total of FOUR times. I got my order and brought it back to work for lunch. When I opened it up, the first thing that I noticed was that it was made with regular noodles, not rice noodles. The worst part, though, was that EVERY SINGLE PIECE of chicken was chewy and fatty. Disgusting!! Never going to this location again.
This place can never get an online or over the phone order right! I don't know if its because they can't read or they don't care!
I don't know what's going on with the management of this location, but it seems to be going downhill quickly.  We stopped in last night for what should have been a quick bite on our way to the theater. However, what would have been a quick bite turned into a long time waiting for our food. And it wasn't just us, everyone around us was commenting on how long it was taking for food to come out of the kitchen. Now, since it's open, I could that there were plenty of people back there so I'm not sure why it took so long, but it certainly did.  Now, if you're going to compete in the fast, casual, restaurant market, you need to nail the fast part. When this Pei Wei was new, maybe they could get away with it, seeing as the only nearby competition was the (now gone) My Florist Cafe, but now that there is a Habit Burger, Chipotle, Pot Belly Sandwiches, and On a Roll within walking distance the management of Pei Wei need to get their act together.   Also, the last time we were at this location, they completely screwed up our order and brought us the wrong dishes.  Get it together Pei Wei!
Tried something new today... first a Roast Pork Egg roll and then Spicy Korean Chicken. Now perhaps I am a bit of a Chinese (Asian) food snob being from NY NY however one thing you can take to the bank is this... DO NOT GET THE ROAST PORK EGG ROLL. Hands down the weakest by far I have ever had!  So surprising as I have never known Pei Wei to have anything terrible and this my friends was terrible.   OK, now the Spicy Korean Chicken.  Really just OK. While beautiful looking and presented, flavor wise... just mediocre.  Left feeling that something was missing... like perhaps a tinge more sweetness.   While tonight's meal will by no means preclude me from coming back, I certainly learned tonight what Not to order.
This place is back to being a normal Pei Wei for those who are concerned. With that said, I'm not really sure what niche Pei Wei occupies. If I want Asian fast food, I'd rather get Panda Express which is simultaneously cheaper, tastier, and healthier. If I'm willing to spend more is rather just go to a normal Asian restaurant.  I was never a fan of Pei Wei in Tucson but decided to give this location a shot since I had a coupon for a free meal. I got a cup of the Thai wonton soup, which was fairly tasty but for 1.99 it looked like enough to fill maybe a tea cup. For an entree I tried the spicy Korean with shrimp and white rice. The whole meal was basically a flavorless morass. Two stars for good customer service and fortune cookies but would not go back on my own.
I went with my girlfriend expecting some pretty good creole food. The restaurant was brightly lit with a nice atmosphere provided by the jazz band. We were served cornmeal and a biscuit to start off with, but the biscuit seemed a bit dry and bland.  I ordered the creole bouillabaisse, and my girlfriend ordered the pulled pork pasta. Parts of my meal were tasty, but what was most off-putting was the lump of undercooked fish that I unfortunately took a bite off of. It was still red and gamy in the center -___-  . The pulled pork was oily and salty.  Overall, the environment was pleasant, but if you want good creole food, look elsewhere (hint: Louisianne's in Middleton serves bar-none the best creole food in the area).
I've unfortunately had really terrible service both times I've been at Liliana's. The most recent time, every step of the way took too long. Granted it was a Friday night, but it took us an hour to actually get our food. Every step of the way, from placing our drink orders, getting our drinks, getting our menus, getting to place our food orders, and actually getting served took nearly long enough for us to walk out (as in we were discussing leaving when the waiter came back). They also messed up the drink orders and somehow didn't have enough water glasses until halfway through our stay (which unfortunately meant we hadn't gotten our food yet).  It just left me sad, because I enjoyed the food decently well both times, especially the bread pudding. I'd like to try it again, but I don't know who among my friends will be gutsy enough to go with after the bad previous experiences.
I've been to Liliana's twice for lunch, and once for happy hour.  This is not a great location for a business lunch as the service was somewhat intrusive.  We can forgive that, however, and realize that they may not really have wanted us to conduct a meeting there during lunch.  What is inexcusable is the experience my friend and I had a few weeks ago during happy hour.  We met at Liliana's to take advantage of their drink specials and happy hour prices for food.  Our drinks were fine, and at $5.00, not unreasonably priced.  However, the bartender took it upon himself to add ingredients to our food that increased the price by 50%.  This went unnoticed until we went to settle the tab, and when confronted, the bartender said " I do that all the time- is that a problem?".  Um, yes, it is a problem if my $6 quesadilla becomes a $9 quesadilla and you try to slip it by me.    Frankly, it's this experience that will keep us from ever going there again because I'm still so steamed I can't imagine having a good time there.
I've been here a couple times, and every time I've been underwhelmed. Not that the food is bad, just that for the price and the atmosphere, I really expect more. I asked for recommendations from the waiter, and he recommended the three most expensive items on the menu. I ordered one, and my partner ordered another, and we were both disappointed with our food.
We've heard great things so we were looking forward to trying Liliana's for Restaurant  Week. The ambiance was nice and the service was totally pleasant. If this place was closer to home, we'd likely give it another shot, but based on our experience, I'm not certain we'll go out of our way to make the effort to go back again.  The food was fine, but not nearly as good as we'd been told it would be. Perhaps it was the R-Week menu but we all thought the flavors were a little mild, the sauces were a little stock/tomato paste tasting and the flavored rices were not so flavored. Things just seemed a little under-seasoned all around. And, the famed beignets were frankly nothing so special that I'd go there just for them.   Our main issue has to do with the fact that one of the people in our party had a dairy allergy and we alerted them to this when we made the reservation and again when we were seated and even saw a sign saying they were happy to handle dietary restrictions/allergies when we walked in the door. We were repeatedly assured it would be no problem as everything is made to-order, but it was a problem and a disappointment as the great majority of  things (even on the regular menu) were not feasible and desserts were impossible (save for a mid-winter fruit plate in WI which is never a good thing). If they hadn't been so repeatedly adamant that a accommodating a dairy allergy would be no problem, we likely wouldn't have been so disappointed/surprised.
First I'll have to say I don't like spicy food so asked what I could order that was not spicy.  Server was very helpful with my questions.  I had the endive salad and was not impressed - it was okay but would have been a lot better if the nuts in it were candied, it needed more contrast in the flavors.  Corn bread was good.  For dinner, had the special which was chicken coq a vin, greens with bacon, and potatoes.  Didn't really care for it.  The chicken was a leg and thigh, cooked well, but wasn't what I've thought of as coq a vin, kind of tasted like it was cooked in wine and soy sauce and the flavor pretty much stayed in the skin of the chicken which was okay because I didn't think the flavor was that great, but left me with eating plain tasting chicken meat.  Only ate about 1/4 of it.  The potatoes were ok, nothing special.  The greens left me with a yucky taste in my mouth, maybe too much smoky flavor.  My dining companion had the vegetable Wellington and I tried it, actually thought it was really good, wish I had ordered that, although it was a bit rich it had a lot of flavor.  Service was okay, attentive until the check was paid at which time we were totally abandoned though we did stay a bit to chat (the restaurant was not busy) - that's not too unusual though.  After hearing so much hype, left feeling disappointed.  Maybe you have to be really into Cajun food to appreciate this place.
I really wanted to love this place.  My wife and I had been there twice before for dinner and really enjoyed it so we decided to come back on our anniversary and sit in the bar for the great live music.  I realize we were sitting in the bar area, but the service this time was very slow and we were left alone for long spans.    The reason for my bad review: We ordered a dish that contained mussels.  Half way through eating it my wife realized one of the mussels was still closed.  The waitress went to ask the chef about it and came back to tell us the chef said it happens all the time and its perfectly safe.  We sent the dish away.  Bye bye doggy bag.   Even if the chef is right and the closed mussel is safe... why would it be served that way?  There were only 3-4 mussels in the dish and it should be easy to check that they are all open. And also... as a person with a phd in chemistry who now works in biochemistry... I would not eat anything with a closed mussel in it.  Its really not worth the risk.  Also, the FDA tells us to throw out any mussels that do not open. Just to top off our bad experience we were charged for an extra bottle of wine and had to send the check back. I'm really sad about the whole thing because we were really starting to like this place and would have gone back regularly.  Instead we left feeling bad about it and a little nervous having also eaten oysters there that night.... I should say that the other 2 times we were there the service was excellent and the food was really good.  I would recommend avoiding dishes with shellfish if the policy on closed mussels is "it happens all the time"
We went for the Christmas Day buffet.  Terrible food, loud dining room, service was non-existent.  Seated nearly an hour late for reservation.  Advertised food like a prime rib serving bar and herb crusted turkey which were not on the buffet.  Feel like we were duped.  $29 per person for really bad food was not what we were expecting.  Will not go back and will do our best to deter others.
I really wanted to like this place.  I'd heard and read mixed reviews and now I see why.  We ate here for their New Year's Eve 6 course menu... so they had 6 chances to recruit me as a new regular, but with each course we became more and more disappointed and annoyed.  My first impression was that the atmosphere was great; music was fun, people were friendly and overall it was really well designed.  Everything was fine to start, I wasn't a huge fan of the amuse bouche, but nothing to hold a grudge over.  What started the downward spiral was the waitress bringing our second course, literally right after bringing our first course.  I don't like when anyone at a restaurant of this caliber says "I don't want to rush you, but here's your next course."  Who wants to let their soup sit off to the side of the table while they eat the first course.  That was pretty much the way the following courses went, down to bringing our check WITH the dessert.    I could go into lengthy detail about each course; including having to send back spare ribs (but the second one was really good) or the waitress and her lack of knowledge of the entire menu right down to telling us our dessert was peanut butter / chocolate when it was really peppermint / chocolate or that myself and others around us kept getting bumped into by waitstaff cause the seating was too close together ... but I'll save the time.  Ultimately, when I go out for a meal that's costing a table of two $200, I expect an experience.  Bringing clean silverware with each course isn't asking a lot.  Saying "Can you keep your fork for the next course, I know that's kinda weird" by our waitress is not what a meal at that price point should offer.  Kitchen paper towels on the counter of the bathroom is not the impression I wanted to leave with, but that's what I got.
I've been here a few times. I really wanted to like this place. The atmosphere is nice especially for a date night. However, the food is not that good. The meat is often overcooked. The prices are expensive and it doesn't measure up with the food. The service was good and I have no complaints about that.  Overall, the experience was decent but the food was no up to par. I won't be going back.
You know, I have eaten at Liliana's many times and they have some very good food but I don't know that I've ever had worse service than what my family and I experience last night when we *tried* to enjoy a meal. Notice the emphasis on tried. From the very beginning, the service wasn't great. It took a long time to even get some water, much less some drinks. On top of that, we had to ask 4 times for a children's menu. We never received it and instead got a brief listing of some of the items on the children's menu.  After finally getting our drinks, we ordered our meals. Our appetizers came out relatively quickly, as did the children's meal. Then, we waited. And waited. Then we start to notice food coming out to people who came in after us. Not only had we not seen our meals, but we also hadn't been offered drink refills. We asked our server what was going on. The first excuse was "I'm at the whim of the executive chef."   Oh, so the executive chef is determining who gets food and not the order that people ordered?  Interesting. So we wait some more.    More time goes by and we ask about our food again because now we're seeing people who came in 20-30 minutes after us paying their bill and leaving.  This time the server has no excuse or even an estimated timeline and instead offers us some drinks.  I would have even accepted a lie about what happened. And while I understand that people order different items and some things take longer than others, none of us ordered complicated menu items and that doesn't excuse having people sit for almost two hours without having their meal served to them.  Finally, as we approached the two hour mark, we all decided we had had enough and told them we wanted to pay the bill and leave. The server did me the favor of "Drinks and Meals are on them."  Really?   WHAT MEALS?   If my meals are on the house then can I please have them?  So, we left and sorry Liliana's but you lost our patronage.
My husband and I recently returned from a honeymoon in New Orleans craving the cuisine. Sadly, Lilliana's did not deliver. The oysters we had were overpriced and nothing close to what we had in NOLA, which I get. Wisconsin is nowhere near the ocean. But the andouille-crusted tilapia and sweet potato mash served with it were both bland and not worth the price at all. The meal as a whole was overpriced and a major disappointment.
This place is so bad, I hardly know where to start.  We chose this restaurant for restaurant week.  Me, my gf, and her mother.  The restaurant week menu always sounded awesome, so I was excited to try it even though I was a little turned off by the restaurant week price increase - used to be $25 flat, now it's $25-$35.  Anyway... I started off with their signature bloody mary, which sounded like a unique twist on a classic - it advertised some good stuff, like Carr Valley Menage cheese, but they must have been out, because I got some cheese curds instead...  The grilled shrimp was a nice touch for a bloody, but the overall consistency of the drink was just weak and watery - for $8, you better get it right!  I went all out and ordered the $35 French Quarter dinner.  Starter was a tuna nicoise salad.  Sad to say, the greens were in very poor condition, with many leaves wilted and visibly rotten - just not fresh at all.  I made the mistake of accepting the salad, and picked my way around the bad parts.  Let me just say that if a restaurant cannot even serve fresh greens, eating semi-raw tuna probably isn't a good idea.  I've got a strong stomach, so I ate it...  In hindsight, I should have sent the dish back immediately I didn't complain until the waitress came back to collect plates.  At that time, I pointed out the rotten lettuce left on my plate, and I explained that it wasn't exactly appetizing.  The waitress agreed and said she would inform the chef.  Fair enough...  The entree was something like a Gorgonzola and wild mushroom stuffed black angus rib-eye, with brussel sprouts and mashed potatoes on the side.  Sounds great, but the first thing I noticed was that the brussel sprouts were a bit undercooked...almost fresh... Not a good start.  The wild mushrooms in the steak appeared to be maybe just creminis, and of course the Gorgonzola was overpowering.  I guess I was an idiot for thinking this would be a good choice, because if you've got to stuff a cut of meat with cheese and mushrooms to make it good, it's probably not a very good cut of meat to begin with.  This was definitely true of the rib-eye; it was as tough as a cheap piece of sirloin... Damn, $35...  Moving on to dessert.  This was a trio featuring creme brulee, beignets and chocolate mouse.  No complaints about the mouse, the beignets were nothing special at all, and the creme brulee is frankly, hard to mess up.  What really got me was the wilted piece of spinach that I found when I lifted the creme brulee dish off of the plate.  At that point, I almost flipped my lid because I thought the chef put it there to spite me due to my complaint about the wilted greens on the tuna nicoise.  When I confronted the waitress she explained that it was a "gripper," used to keep the dish from sliding on the plate.  In any case, I thought it  out of place, very unappetizing, and a cheap idea that a better restaurant wouldn't even consider.  After we received our check, I felt even worse seeing the $140 tab, feeling it was about a $50 experience.  Given the overall crappiness of the whole experience, I was half expecting at least my drink to be on the house...nope...  Coincidentally, the manager decided to stop by our table to ask how things were - he apparently had no idea how we felt, or he wouldn't have asked.  Well, I couldn't resist telling him how awful I thought it was - he had pretty much nothing to say, and basically just walked away without addressing the issue - he was caught totally off-guard and I hope next time he asks someone he'll be more ready to hear what they have to say - with a manager like that, I'm not surprised this place is pumping out such low quality fare.    So...that was my dinner.  $35 plus drinks and I can honestly say I've had better at Chile's, Applebees or Red Lobster, which you can interpret as a big ol' huge slap in the face!  My companions had the same opinion.  In fact, that's how I'd classify Liliana's - they appear to want to cater to chain restaurant clientele, and they have pretty much nothing better to offer.  Madison Magazine should think twice about which restaurants they allow to be part of Restaurant Week - this should be an opportunity for the best of Madison restaurants to showcase what they have to offer, at a spectacular deal to the public - I have continually walked into restaurant week with that mindframe, and I've been continually disappointed.  Madisonians should think twice about participating in this ever declining extravaganza.  Also, do yourself a big favor and do not dine at Liliana's.  Thanks for your time.  I hope you have found this review to be helpful, I hope you do not dine at Liliana's, and I hope Liliana's reads this review and makes some changes.
Overpriced and lacks in creativity and flavor.  Is it bad, no.  Is it worth my hard earned money, no.  Is it authentic, no.  Will I go there again, no.
So my boyfriend ordered the salmon and really liked it, I ordered the fried shrimp po boy and HATED it. Omg it was nasty, everything that was on my plate was no good. I'm very picky so i tried going with something that I was familiar with... The fried shrimp were barely fried, shouldn't have even called them that and they were VERY rubbery.. On top of that they were massive. I mean the shrimp were huge.. So just imagine taking a bite into a sandwich and eating a half fried giant rubber shrimp. I couldn't even eat it. I moved on to the chips hoping i could eat something on the plate, but no. They were chewy?! Why? Maybe that's how they were suppose to be and I'm just so out of tune with what's going on.. But I didn't eat those either. My boyfriend did however because the small portion of salmon on his plate left him still hungry. You think for $18 you'd be able to get full. Anyways I'm not going back just off that one experience. I think I'll pass. Out was that bad. For the price (expensive) I should have loved everything. Oh yea we also had the cheese curds, once again disappointed. Greasy and no flavor. I love cheese curds and being from Wisconsin I know a good one when I eat it and they definitely weren't up to par. I'll pass
Decor was beautiful. Service... not so much.   I went about 2 weeks ago with my sister and my nephew at around 3 in the afternoon. We were the only people there. Cornbread and jalapeno butter... awesome. The tenderloin bruschetta was awesome. Our entrees... not so much. We got a parmesan and butter pasta for the little one, and all you could really taste was the gallons of olive oil poured on top of it. The jambalaya was just very salty and not that flavorful.
April 2014 - The concept is great, the food was adequate, the service was flat.   I called for dress code advice and reservations and informed the employee that it would be our first visit to Liliana's and our party of four were celebrating my boyfriend's birthday.  When I arrived at the restaurant I handed the hostess my credit card so that I could pay for the meal and again advised of the birthday celebration.   She seated us near the table bussing station in an nearly empty dining room.  The waiter was not engaged, the restaurant was out of Albita Lite beer,  one of us ordered the catfish po-boy and she received the catfish dinner, another ordered the steak medium and it arrived red in the middle.  My dish (Diablo Chicken) was not spicy at all and when I asked for more Sirachi sauce, he brought the sauce that was already on the chicken.  We had research the menu online and when we asked about hush puppies the waiter informed us the menu changes all the time and hush puppies were not available.  The cornbread was delicious, the pear salad was very good and the beignets were wonderful.  The hostess either did not convey to the waiter my payment request nor the birthday celebration or the waiter did not bother to comply with either.    All in all it was a disappointment, the birthday boy did enjoy his jambalaya.  Not sure if were will be back.
I think the $10 lunch combo is great.  Could do that every day; however, just had dinner there again and ordered the grilled salmon with haricot verts, smashed new potatoes and a blueberry gastrique.  The main event was the problem.  The salmon was way over cooked.  Should be medium/translucent and was cooked to "dead" and was dry and flavorless.  There was no blueberry gastrique to be found and if it's supposed to be subtle in appearance, then there was no taste at all to it.  I wish the Jambalaya didn't have ham in it or I would have ordered that.  People at the table liked it, as well as the etoufee, and Liliana's pasta, which I have had previously and enjoyed.  The salmon was not what it should have been at all and it's $19.00!  I've had better for less.  On a brigher note, I could eat the delicious cornbread all day long with the scallion infused sweet butter served with it.
I am fed up with so many midwest restaurants calling themselves "Louisiana/New Orleans style" "Creole style" "Southern Style". It's no where near the real deal. It is a complete shame.   I dined here a few months back on a Saturday evening. It was pretty late and the restaurant was about to close in a hour or so. This could have been my fault for coming later in the evening when the kitchen was so close to shutting down and not providing good food. Still, for a  $50 meal for two, I expect better. There was a live  jazz band playing. They were very good. It added some good ambience to the restaurant. Really enjoyed the music. Now on to the food   My boyfriend and I were giving some cornbread with a honey butter as a starter from our waitress. I know corn bread and this is NOT cornbread. It tasted like Jiffy Mix batter and they added a bit more sugar. I've eaten all kinds of corn bread before, boxed cornbread, homemade cornbread even the class "hot water" cornbread, so I feel like I can safely say that I have a qualified taste pallet to rate  some good cornbread and this just isn't it.  The honey butter however was good. It would be proper to add it with a fresh loaf of warm bread. But I am of the belief that when you have a great piece of cornbread in front of you, you do not need to add more butter. The cornbread itself should have enough in it that all you want to do is indulge yourself into another piece. No add ons!  Moving on from the cornbread, I order this blackened cash fish dinner with dirty rice and side of I believe blackeye peas with various veggies in it including (collard) greens. My rice was very hard and my blackeye peas were cold. Again, maybe it was a mistake to dine there 1 hour before closing time. My rice tasted like it may had been scrapped from the bottom of the rice cooker and the dish ended up having pork in it which I do not eat. Knowing creole food, I should have asked the waitress beforehand if pork was used in the dish ,so that is of no fault of the restaurant, however, the hard rice and cold peas are. The catfish was blackended to perfection but it lacked flavor. No salt. A pinch would have done the trick. Overall, an extremely disappointing experience and is not in my opinion New Orleans style cuisine.   If you were to take this restaurant and move it to New Orleans, they wouldn't survive. Due to their location, I think they stay open simply because they have no other local competition in the area of "creole" cuisine and some people aren't use to either cooking this kind of food themselves or actually experiencing  food straight from New Orleans.   I really do not want to be the one review that seems to go overboard but I am very opinionated about this restaurant. I can cook better than what I was served. Sorry.
Sad face. Very sad face.  I *love* Liliana's - or should I say, "loved." Based on my previous visits, I couldn't have recommended this place any more than I did. But this most recent visit, on Monday, June 9, 2014 left a seriously bad taste with me.  - Arrived and requested seats at the bar, where the service has typically been outstanding. Was told the bar "is pretty much closed because of some Chef thing we're doing, I guess." (read that in a disinterested hostess voice)  + Was seated outside on the front patio.  -When I inquired as to whether or not it was non-smoking, the hostess said, "Um, I don't really know. I don't see anyone smoking right now, so my guess is not?"  + She later confirmed that it was indeed, non-smoking  + Server, Jeff, arrived quickly, introduced himself, and asked about drinks. I was just in the process of checking in via the Yelp app; I set it down, inquired about the Abita taps, and ordered a Jockamo IPA. Friend ordered a Liliana's Hurricane.  - Jeff disappeared for 15 minutes, only reappearing to refill the waters and to tell us that the drinks "were almost ready." I asked if we could order cheese curds, as it had been 15 minutes since we sat down. He took the order and disappeared.   - A few minutes later, he arrived; my beer had obviously been sitting at the bar for quite some time, as had the Hurricane - both were extremely sweaty. The ice in the hurricane was nearly completely melted. I suspect Jeff had forgotten about our drinks...  - Jeff reappeared and took our food order; a catfish po boy and a burger. I asked for a side of the "cheddar grits" as they sounded excellent and were included with a few of the entrees. He assured me assured this was not a problem.  - Cheese curds arrived and they were a mess of exploded, over-cooked, overly salty shells of vapid batter, sans any hint of cheese. We opened every single curd with a fork and knife and found zero cheese - it had all been cooked-out while in the fryer. The tempura-style batter was no match for spending too much time in the fryer.   - We couldn't find Jeff to flag him down to alert him to the problem. When he did reappear, I asked him to swing by and explained to him the problem with the curds. He said he'd get a new order. My beer was empty at this point, as was my water, but he was gone so quickly, I didn't have a chance to order a refill.  - I also feared that the new curds would arrive at exactly the same time as the entrees... and, my fear was confirmed. Out came the curds, followed by the entrees. Before Jeff could turn around to bolt away, I asked for another beer, and also asked for the wifi password. This seemed to confuse Jeff; he wasn't sure if they had wifi. When I showed him the "Liliana's Guest" wifi network, he said he'd be back with the password...  + Burger was superb. Perfectly cooked, nicely seasoned, fresh greens, tasty bleu cheese, and a great bun.  - The cheddar grits were anything but grits. They came out in a fried and formed cake-like shape, resembling more of a crab cake than creamy cheddary grits. I cut into the grits and found no semblance of anything grit - it was like a cheesy hash brown. I'm fairly certain grits don't contain chunks of onion and potato.  + Catfish Po Boy was excellent - perfectly cooked catfish, nicely seasoned, tasty slaw, and a hearty, yet not-overwhleming bun. The accompanying side of white bean salad consisted primarily of couscous, pesto, and garlic. Only a few white beans were found.  - The second attempt of curds were slightly less blown-out, but they were completely devoid of any "cajun" seasoning (they're sold as Cajun Cheese Curds). Instead, they were terribly salty, greasy, and just not good at all. My friend observed that they tasted like "carnival fair batter" - sweet, and overly salty.   - Never saw Jeff again. He didn't bring the password, he didn't follow-up on the meal, and he didn't drop off the check. After sitting for 20 minutes or so, staring helplessly at the restaurant, we got up and went to the bar to grab our check. The table next to us did the same thing; they had a similar service nightmare...  $60 for a truly unmemorable meal and an even more forgetful experience (literally).   The maddening part was that I saw Chef Dave sitting in the bar, at a long table, surrounded by other chef-types. They were talking about the service industry... as I walked out, the hostess didn't bother to lift her head from her phone - she was busy tapping away on the screen.  Ugh. What a polarizing experience... Lovely night at a restaurant that I previously enjoyed beyond compare, with subpar food and truly horrid service. Wow.
I was recently in Phoenix for the day and stopped at the bakery (the cafe location FKA Lulu's Cupcakes) for lunch and to get some baked goodies to take home. I'd heard a lot about this restaurant (there aren't a ton of choices for us Celiacs) and couldn't wait to try it. However, my first impression wasn't great. The cafe is in a hard-to-locate dingy shopping center. Interior of the place isn't much better. Its clean, but atmosphere-free. Although they have seating and advertise themselves as a lunch spot, the clearly don't expect people to eat there - the bathroom is used partially as storage, and the only beverages available are a small selection of canned sodas and bottled water. And the food was...ok. My Reuben sandwich was tasty and on a very nice mock-rye bread, one of the better gluten-free breads I've had. But it was small (smaller than a normal sandwich I'd make for myself at home) and extremely expensive (a $9 sandwich? Really?) I also sampled the cheesecake while I was there. It was fairly tasty, but reminded me of those frozen Sarah Lee cheesecake you can buy at the grocery store; I'd accept a piece if it was offered to me again, but certainly wouldn't search it out. I also took a chocolate muffin and a chocolate "whoopie pie" home with me. Those treats again were ok, but nothing to write home about. They had an identical texture (muffins and cakes should feel different from each other) and left me with the chemical aftertaste so common to gluten-free foods. Since I can make brownies from a mix that taste better, I won't be buying any of those desserts again. I won't be going back - I can make better treats at home, and the gluten-free faire in my home town (Tucson) puts this place to shame.
Wow.  I went on the hunt for a place to get bagels and GFC screamed out from YELP to come visit.   The location is back-off the (Thomas) road; you have to drive between two buildings to get to.  Early in the morning I was the only customer.  The " store" is more of an oversized storage area where the products are in a refrigerator.  This is not a restaurant nor a bakery shop!  3 bagel types all pre-packaged, 4 of one kind, no mix and match and no spreads (let's put it this way they don't know what a schemer is).  I left.    Truly they don't cater for walk-ins and are probably well suited for pre-orders and customers with special dietary needs.  The stars may be from customers with either of those needs.
Gracious, I'm reading all of these 5 star reviews and I must say, I very much disagree.   1. The location is squeezed between two buildings, and is really dumpy.  2. You literally can't fit more than 5-6 people inside. 3. They offer about 12 things that are sitting in grimy refrigerators. 4. There is nobody there to help you...I came in and five minutes later a lady popped her head out from the back, said "ring the bell if you need anything" then went to the back, never to be seen again. (Even though I rang the bell like 5 times...and called for her)  5. It smells god awful in there.  and  6. It's much too expensive.   In short, I wouldn't waste my time.
I think my problem might lie in the fact that I went to The Art of Soup for breakfast, not lunch. They had two frittatas and a couple of soups up for grabs (Including a bacon and egg soup). I had some coffee and the goat cheese and carmelized onion frittata, which came with a little bread.  The coffee was rich and delicious, but not quite enough to save my experience. The bread came out cold with cold butter that wouldn't spread. My frittata also came out fairly cold and it was TINY. About 1/3 inch thick and cut into a 3" x 4" rectangle. Which might not have been a big deal if the thing had ANY flavor. They skimped big time on the goat cheese and there was only a wee sliver of carmelized onion in the whole serving.  I plan on going back sometime soon to experience the soup, but this visit was definitely meh.
Really? The Art of Soup has 4.5 out of 5 stars?   I visited here the other day for lunch with my father and husband. The place was super cute. Just a few tables that gives you the coziness that accompanies soup. The menu was a little difficult to read though, as it was scribbled in a grey-ish chalk that blended with the erase marks from previous days.   After deciphering the menu we decided that everything sounded delicious. We asked to try the Roasted Butternut Squash before ordering it, and were less than thrilled. There was absolutely no flavor to it. I love making butternut squash at home and dressing it up with spices, so I guess I expected a little more. It was bland and grainy. Pass.  The hubby decided he wasn't hungry so just my father and I ordered soup. I decided on a cup of Cannelini with Kale and my father went with a bowl of Chicken Rice. From here, let's just say the only nice thing about the meal was that it was served hot and fast - go figure, it's a soup restaurant. Both of the soups were, again, bland and absolutely flavorless. The kale was chewy and the broth left a god-awful aftertaste in my mouth. My father's soup was a little better, but still horribly bland. We had to salt and pepper it, which just made it taste like, well, salt and pepper. Both soups were served with small slices of bread and cold butter that was impossible to spread. I enjoyed the bread more than the soup, sadly.   We ate what we could quickly and asked for the check. $20 for one cup and bowl of soup, with tip included. Bummer.   I appreciate the attempt at an all organic soup cafe, but I think the soup should be more than stellar if that's all you're marketing. Sadly, I can make much better soups at home. Next time I'll pass on The Art of Soup.
Back from holiday and had some amazing soups that made me reflect back on my experience here.  I have to preface this review with that the owner here is quite lovely and I'm sure has the best intentions, but unfortunately the soup was sorely lacking.  As a proponent of organics, I had my hopes way too high.  Well, first of all it was a bit confusing if we were to order at the counter from a very smudged, unreadable chalk board or if we were to be seated.  The owner appeared from the kitchen and said to have a seat eliminating our initial confusion.  To keep this review to the point, we ordered a smoothie, bland.  A frittata, very small and actually strange as if it might have been cooked in the microwave, need I say more.  Two bowls of soup, one was a bean with kale, unfortunately the beans were not thoroughly cooked and the flavor was not allowed to develop.  The other a red pepper concoction, that another diner suggested, was one dimensional and needed copious amounts of help sprinkled with some love.   When paying these boutique prices one expects and should get a better quality, culinary creation.  These soups needed proper development and herbal infusions that the kitchen obviously lacks.  I would like to offer a suggestion that may help her, so she can spend more time with the soup prep and less time running around the table up front, and that is to consider a different style of service.  The place is so small that she could have customers order from the chalkboard, if readable, and then deliver the orders.  I wish her the best in her endeavor.
We had a terrible experience.  It was a rainy day, of course the  place was crowded.  They only had "bisque" left and they had 2 options.  My husband brougth home the medium size which is really pricy.  It tasted like slightly flavored water with a few veggie chunks.  I would not have bothered to take it back, but it was so pricy and since we love downtown places, we wanted to the owner to know.  The woman was very rude went I went to return, she did not offer to give my money back, but only the other "bisque"  this too was not good.  We put in the garbage and were sad that we will not have a soup joint in the downtown area we will ever return.  The woman was rude and did not seem glad we were offering feedback.
Not my style of soup. Very watery, not enough flavor, lack of veggies. Somewhat pricey !! The owner is very nice though.
This is not an Indian food place. This is a faux indian food. Bland food with no gravy.
do not come here if you want Indian cuisine!   I should have read other reviews more closely.  do I really want hummus or ceviche at an indian restaurant? this place is more for wine and tapas.  The decor is very hip and trendy but I dine out for the food and I thought the food was bland and tasteless.    entrees were high at $14 each plate and comes 2 dishes served with rice and chapati bread (wheat tortilla.)  food arrived not hot.  my friend had vegetarian curry; veggies had that frozen food rubbery texture. cumin potatoes were sour.  My chicken keema and chicken tikka masala was bland and niether dish had flavor.  My basmati rice was clumpy and sticky :(  I did not like the ginger green tea. it tasted like licorice.   I dunno, maybe I'm too harsh and narrow minded.  I did feel underwhelmed and disappointed. The food is NOT amazing.
I came in expecting allot but it just didn't live up to what I thought the flavors would be with a name like Bombay Spice. The prices on the wine are great but the menu is a bit confusing and the food has potential but it needs allot of work. I'm a big fan of Indian culture and food but it's not terrible but there is other places that have great Indian food that I would rather go. overall I give it about a 2.3..... Save your time and money this place is not worth the trip.
Ate once, will never go back.  The food has no flavor, it is fine to make an attempt at healthy food, but you cannot substitute real butter/ghee with vinegar to kick flavor up.  All the curries had a muddy consistency and vinegary after taste.   How can you screw up rice ? It tasted stale, the grains were broken up like it was from a bag century old - this was not basmati!  This was the worst of both worlds, but the public relations about "healthy" will fool the "naturally" endowed botox/silicone crowd of scottsdale.
I went for the lunch special I wanted to try it out.  First of all the lunch plate was $9.  I had the Beef Tikka masala and Veggie curry.  The dishes were okay.  I am glad I asked them to make it hotter because the hot seemed to be more of a medium so I can't imagine how mild the masala is normally.  As for the flavors, they were okay.  The menu states that it is fresh, healthy, incredible indian cusine.  I guess one out of 3 is not bad.  Maybe, I need to give it another shot.
I love Indian Food.   I'm constantly driving through this intersection and have always wanted to try it.  I finally got the chance and on top of that it was lunchtime and their sign said, "LUNCH SPECIALS".    I arrived around 11 am and the place is empty.  I ordered the "dinner" portion as I was sharing with my child.  $13 for Chicken Curry & Chicken Tikka Masala.  I also ordered a side of plain Naan.    The entree came with a "row" of rice that separated the two choices I made.  The rice tasted like something that came from Uncle Bens--no flavor and every time I scooped up rice there was a lot of water-soaked rice underneath.  The chicken curry and chicken masala tasted the same, one was red the other wasn't.  Again, very little flavor.    How can Indian food lack so much flavor???  The naan was just a flat bread, nothing important about it... but it vaguely reminded me of the frozen Naan they sell at Trader Joe's... and when I started thinking about it, so did the Curry & Masala.  I ended up spending over $20 dollars for my meal that I shared with my young child.  I felt like I could have gotten the same thing at Trader Joe's sans the watery rice for about $10.   I gave this place two stars... just based on the great service the waitress gave and another for it trying to be a healthy Indian restaurant.  Trust... go to the Indian Buffet in the airpark, although it's the real deal, it's worth the money and calories!
"Bland" and "Watery" are not words you want to spring to mind when you are eating Indian food.  Unfortunately, these are the two words that best described my meal from Bombay Spice.  Being vegetarian, I was excited to see the number of different vegetarian options on the menu, and I was pleased to see that you got two choices for the lunch special priced at $9.  This came with rice (brown or white) and either roti or lettuce (confused as to why they offered this - I would rather a small side salad rather than a plain chunk of iceberg lettuce).  I also ordered garlic naan for an extra $3.   I ordered the spinach and tofu (normally this dish is served with paneer- an indian cheese that has a texture like tofu but has a richer flavor), and the vege curry.  Eggplant was not on the lunch special menu otherwise I would have tried that.  The food came quickly, but unfortunately, it was really just watery and bland.  They also kind of scrimped on the rice portion.  The naan was "OK" but i've had waaaay better elsewhere.  The food had none of the spices or flavors you would expect from Indian food.  I understand toning down the heat to cater to american palates, but this just didn't taste of anything!  I had a more flavorful curry at my Chinese restaurant the other night, and I've had better curry frozen from Trader Joes!  I was also not asked if I wanted the food mild, medium, or hot - never a good sign at an Indian (or Thai) restaurant.  To me it implies they are too lazy to cook the food to order.  Actually if it was sitting in a vat for several hours, that should improve the flavor - but clearly they are not using the right spices because I couldn't taste any, despite the name of the restaurant!  I will not be returning to Bombay Spice. Don't waste your money here.
Well, at least the owner is consistent.  As with Roka Akor, this place had great style in the decor, but the food just was not very good.  We ordered chicken tikka masala and a curry.  Both of the sauces were flavorful and balanced, but none of the flavors penetrated the meats in the curries.  It almost tasted like the curry was cooked in one pot, the meat was boiled in water and the meat was dropped into the curry at the last minute.  Maybe its the old school in me, but its such a waste to order a meat dish and leave the meat behind.  The search continues for good Indian food in my hood...
What a great alternative to Indian food with all those really heavy cream based sauces. BTW, I love them, but they can get kind of fatty. Bombay spice reminds you that you can do Indian, go light, and still have a really good meal.   I always get the lamb chops as an appetizer. They are freaking delicious!  Entrees you can mix and match 2 different types, what style (bowl, roti tacos, plate, etc). I ususaly get chicken keema and lentils. All the entrees have good flavor, some spice (I like to ask for more) and are nice and filling, but not in a heavy way.   Service has been mixed from super nice waitresses who would fit in at any 5 star place to surly and unattentive ones who need to be flagged down for even the basics (like drinks, ordering, asking for check, refills).  UPDATE:  I went there the other night with my wife and two kids (4 and 14mo). There were at least 6 tables open and the manager (owner?) came over and told us that there were no tables available. None of them could be combined into a table for four. It was 6pm. I call BS. There weren't any kids there and she gave us a good look up and down then shook her head no. We've been there at least a dozen times with the kids, we order lots of food, tip well and our kids don't disturb anyone. We eat out every night of the week. They are both model citizens.  I know the look that I got. We weren't welcome there. Don't worry....we wont be coming back, ever. There's no shortage of good food in this town. We can find plenty of places that aren't afraid to see a young family walk in.  Good lamb chops aren't worth being disrespected.
Ate here on a trip.  It was pretty much the only Indian place around, so we gave it a shot.  Decor/Ambiance= C.  It's clean, but pretty small and boring- "sterile" for lack of a better term.  Service=C+.  Pretty average server and timeliness.    Food=C.  In total we ordered the chickpea ceviche, sauce taster, garlic naan, samosas, and most of the vegetarian entrees.  Everything was ok, nothing bad, but also nothing great.  I've had Indian food that was light, but still tasty.  This was light, but bland.  So, it's not bad at all, but it's also pretty ho-hum.
This is definitely not traditional, true Indian food.    We ordered Naan and received...pita bread warmed up and sliced in quarters. The nerve...to label something on the menu as Naan and then serve pita bread that looked like it just came out of a bag from Whole Foods.  And today they were out of chicken tikka...gasp, sigh.  The chicken masala was bland, but the chicken curry was tasty but not noteworthy.  The chickpea ceviche was good. The service was attentive and responsive.   I would suggest to try it at lunchtime to save $ and try a few things to see if you might like it.
So after my negative review, I was offered a chance by the restaurant to come and re-try their food.  I responded via email to the manager, never heard back... Way to add salt to the wound!
Definitely not authentic Indian food...felt like fast food Indian food at best.  Service and atmosphere were just ok.
it's okay, like the vegan aspect. using tofu in place of paneer is not a good substitute, i'd rather go without than have the tofu in there, it's just not the right texture.  Spice level was ok, could have had more flavor, heat level was fine.  The "veggie based" rather than cream sauces they tout are a great idea, but sit/walk by the kitchen and look around, you'll see big jars of veggie stock base. You know what that stuff is? Salt, more salt, msg, yeast extract, and some veg flavor.  C'mon, if you're trying to do healthy then why base all your sauces on fake flavored salt paste and pass it off as a healither option.  Honestly, i'd rather have the full fat, cream laden version that tastes so much better, at least it was natural.
We used to love coming here, but last night was the last time we will ever go. We are not a fan of the new concept - noodles with Indian food - really? The chicken was rubbery and the naan was just slightly better than cardboard. From what I can tell, while waiting almost 30 minutes for our food, is that they have one good waitress, but unfortunately she was not our server.
We had enjoyed a meal here about a year ago. We went here again to enjoy a vegan meal.  It was a total disappointment. 1. After ordering a meatless meal, the waitress  brought us a free appetizer with bits of chicken on it.  I thanked her but refused because we did not eat meat.  She made big noise of disgust and returned it to the kitchen. 2. I ordered Naan and got some Roti wrap.  The waitress insisted it was Naan - it was not.  3. The kitchen staff were cutting up and having a good time in Spanish and the waitress was having a great time with them - not conducive to dinner.  4. The supposedly spicy sauce was incredibly bland and I could have had a wrap at Chipotle that was better. 5. Two days after we ate there, my spouse's credit card was used in Egypt and some other country so he had to cancel his card.  So if you go there - use cash.
Maybe it's just me, but I don't understand why this place is still in business.   Okay, admittedly I'm not a big fan of Indian cuisine, but I've been here twice now (once to try it for myself and another time because a girlfriend dragged me here). I just don't get it. With so many restaurants going out of business, how is this one still making a go?   I will say the servers are very friendly and attentive. But, for me, that doesn't make up for the lack of ambiance and the food. The place is located in a strip mall and the inside is just okay. Most of the tables are placed close together, so you could easily hear one another's conversation. However, since we were the only people in the restaurant, this turned out to not be a problem. The food is okay, I guess. I'm not a big fan of lamb or curry, so I can't be a good judge. I ordered the vegetarian flat bread and it was okay. I also had an ice tea, but it had a weird and slightly unpleasant flavor.   If they don't start drawing in more customers, I'm thinking, they might not be around that much longer?
OMG what a nice place ...but the food NO COMMENT . Please save your money for another authentic place. Everything was made sweet to accomodate   The unknown taster's palate . Dosa was as soft as a crepe. Korma had fruit like mango raisins and half grapes in it sweet . Tandoori wings in a sweet and sower sauce ... Nothing was the way we expected an authentic indian pakistani restaurant to be booohooo
Lunch time and one waiter is always a gamble.  Lunch took over an hour and all we had was apps.   The chick pea ceviche, lentil cakes and grilled eggplant all had the same over use of one sauce.  Plus lentil cakes came out look warm and the "vindaloo" sauce tasted just like "rooster" sauce.  Too many choices in the area, I will not be returning.
Ehhh it's edible
I got a Groupon and was excited to try a new Indian restaurant.  We were seated right away and received our drinks not far behind.  There was one server and one guy just walking around ~ not too sure what his roll was.    My husband and I both ordered the "naan bread tikka masala chicken" sandwich.  The "naan bread" was a tortilla and the tikka masala was out of a can (not very flavorful).  The only reason why I knew that there were veggies in the sandwich was because I saw them ~ they also didn't have any flavor.  I asked for more tikka masala sauce due to the dryness of the sandwich and it arrived just two bites before I was done.  Yes, I finished my sandwich but that was because I was extremely hungary.  We went to try the restaurant due to the reviews but I was very disappointed.  Maybe the dinner menu is better.
in short: HORRIBLE TASTING FOOD!!! Far from authentic ofcourse.  Their selling spiel is all about how there is not butter or oil used. I would have been happy by that as long as they make sure the food is well cooked without too much oil. Their concept is to not use  butter/oil as cooking medium and then serve tasteless, undone food.  Samosas were bland and too soft (ofcourse not fried, not even pan tossed well) , bhel puri was a sham- like the worst ever. Veggie main dish was tasteless, very low on salt and spices. If that is a health-diet need, one could enjoy a meal there, but for tasting good indian food- this is JUST NOT THE PLACE.
I did the "create your own entree". White rice, tikka masala, lamb. Had Papadam crisps to scoop up the lamb. It was really good. I asked for extra spice (otherwise they serve it not so spicy). It was a bit spicy, but still could of had a bit more heat. On a scale of 1 to 5, I would say the spice was a 3. It was still delicious. I ordered a Ginger Green Tea and it had no flavor. It was mostly water.
I've gone to Bombay Spice 6 or 7 times... I keep trying it because the first couple times were awesome. But the service absolutely sucks. Their new manager is awful. Last time we were there our server put only our appetizer order in and not the rest. Our appetizers went accidentally to a table next to us who came 20 minutes after us and ordered the same thing. We then had to tell them we did not get our apps. After waiting another 20 and getting our apps, we sat there waiting for our dinner only to find out they forgot to put it in. Their suave manager, who thinks he's the hottest thing around, was not nice about it or apologetic.   A couple nights ago we tried again. I really do like the food and we wanted to give it another go. We brought our 6 week old who is super well behaved and were excited for a bottle of wine and dinner. It took 10 minutes for someone to come take our drink order. We then waited over 30 minutes for our entrees and there was nobody in the restaurant except for a large party on the patio of women (who the manager was SUPER attentive to because he obviously likes a table of good looking ladies since he spent the whole night checking on them and never said a word to us). I approached our waitress to see when our dinner may be coming-- and let her know my quiet baby wouldn't be quiet for much longer. 10 minutes later the food came and I asked if she could bring our check so that we could get that taken care of. She disappeared. Couldn't find her after we finished our meal...so again...we waited. Unreal. I will never go back to this place.  Giving it 2 stars because I've always really enjoyed the food.
Very americanized indian food with bad bad service. Nice vegan and vegetarian options though...   I tried the Chef's special and the four sauces seem to be all a bit off. Only the spinach curry was any good. Any don't go for the noodles! I know, its a weird option and as you know it, weird combo. Went out of my way driving but a huge disappointment.
Lunched ther today and asked for iced tea; got a glass of dark tea, barely spiced...period. Ordered chicken biryani and the dish included four raisins, three slivered almonds, two small fresh spinach leaves and loads of chicken neatly cubed and somewhat dry. My partner's eggplant sat in a sweet sauce, perhaps the same as the one offered with the samosas. I like healthy food, but I also like tasty food and I expect vegetables to dominate the meat. I will not return to this restaurant; I appreciate the effort to cut down on fats, but the scarcity of spinach and condiments in the biryani is unforgivable. Strikes me that it came out of a large precooked pot in which the ingredients had not been thoroughly mixed. Lovely presentation if that is your number one priority. I'll take the Tandoori Times any day over this!
I don't know what you'd call this place - fusion Indian food? Definitely a westernized take on Indian food. The only upside being that they really seem to cater to vegans, vegetarians and gluten-free diners. But the food was just not a good representation of what vegans, vegetarians or even Indians, eat! Terribly bland. I had the mango salad - which had NO mangoes in it. I am pretty sure it should have been called Pseudo Mango salad. If I order something called Mango Salad, I fully expect some nice juicy chunks of the fruit. The boyfriend ordered a Chicken Tikka wrap - supposedly wrapped in naan. Seemed more like a regular tortilla. I had a bite, the flavor was okay. I much prefer the nann wraps at Tandoori Times - they are, for one, definitely wrapped in naan, and two, exploding with flavor - and at the same price.  The ambiance was okay, a modern sort of cafe. The service was no good. Really slow, and I wouldn't say particularly friendly. This was the first and last time we'll ever go.
Very mediocre food.  I get it's trying to cater to the indian food novice, but really, what's the point?  Authentic flavors refined?  C'mon, you don't need to go overboard on the garam masala and ghee but the lack of "bombay spice" was very evident.  There are far better indian places that offer quality food for the same price or less.
One word... bland.
I've been three times now: the first time with a big group/private party where I was dazzled; the second time with a girlfriend where it was ho-hum; and the third time just last week with the boyfriend where I was pretty disappointed.  For the large event, the quality of food was outstanding. I was so excited to try these dishes I'd never had before.  At the time, I was newly vegetarian, and my taste buds were exploding with every bite.  The Lentil Cake Towers blew my mind, and I couldn't get enough of the little bites of heaven.  The second time, I expected the same: outstanding flavors, great service, and an overall terrific experience.  The only thing terrific was the Mango Martini (wowie, it's delicious).  Trying to maneuver the menu options for vegan & gluten free was far too complicated and confusing.  I ordered the Lentil Cake Towers again, and they were delicious.  We also ordered the Seared Tofu as another app, and they were so-so.  I love tofu, but knew I wouldn't be ordering them again.  I ordered the Vegetable Naan Wrap; good but missing... something.  The third time, I insisted we have the Mango Martini.  They were out of a couple ingredients, but the bartender did what he could with what he had - his improvisational attempt was still delicious.  This time, we ordered the Seared Eggplant which had great flavor but was overcooked and soggy; the Lentil Cake Towers, which were good but nowhere near the explosion of flavor the previous two times; and the Vegetable Samosa, which was a disappointment.  The saving grace of the third trip was Gabriel (I'm really hoping that's his name...), the bartender and our server.  He was attentive and on his game.  So much so that my boyfriend commented if he were opening his restaurant here instead of San Diego, he'd snatch Gabriel up in a heartbeat.
There are some "non-traditional" or "Americanized" ethnic places that, while not true to the country's original dishes, still pull off a delicious meal.  Bombay Spice is not one of them.   Not only was the food unrecognizable as Indian, but it legitimately tasted awful.  We had the "Chef Sampler", which allowed us to try 4 out of 5 of the different sauce/bases that the facility provides. We had the curry, the spinach, the tikka masala, and the korma with broccoli and vegan chicken.  Pros: * The appetizer, though it didn't taste similar to typical Indian food, was not bad. We had the Lentil Towers.  *  The wine selection was fairly sizeable. * The service was wonderful. * The curry, though it didn't taste like traditional curry, was relatively palatable in comparison with the other dishes.  Cons:  * The naan is actually toasted pita bread. * The tikka masala was not well spiced and was very sweet. It almost tasted like over-sweetened yams pureed.  It wasn't just disappointing as tikka masala sauce, it was also legitimately disgusting. * The spinach may have just been salted, cooked-down spinach and water. It lacked any spice at all, save salt. It had a lot of salt.  * The korma was incredibly sweet. It tasted predominantly like sugar water and truly nothing else. The chunks of mango that were included in the sauce were practically savory in comparison.  Needless to say, this restaurant is not one I would recommend.
I went to Bombay Spice not long after moving to Paradise Valley from Scottsdale.  I knew that it was a 'healthier' Indian food, but I didn't know that meant they didn't use salt.  AT ALL.  Got a cup of lentil soup, and while I could taste the spices in it, it was watery and bland.  The texture was really off-putting.  The chicken tikka masala with cauliflower was no better.  It was a huge portion, but bland bland bland.  The 'naan' I liked, even though it is clearly non-traditional and clearly not homemade.  I will never ever come back here and waste my money on bland food again.
Not impressed. Better Indian to be had, but probably not on this side of town.
I tried their tika masala.  BLAND!  So I added some of the hot sauce to make it more edible.  I don't think I'll go back..
Just be careful when you go in to the Tatum restaurant on a  busy day, you will get the worst service ever.  There are usually younger waiters and waitresses that are very nice, but on this particular Sunday, there was only one waiter, mid 30's dark hair, incredibly rude.  I have been a customer of this restaurant since it opened, and have always enjoyed the food, but if this waiter or manager, continues to work at this restaurant, they will definitely loose a lot of their business. It's too bad a rude waiter can ruin a great restaurant.
I am an Indian and I have eaten at this place couple of times and the food here is not Indian food but a modernistic type of dishes which uses some Indian spices to give it a very very mild Indian food taste. Dont go there expecting to get your chicken tandoori or spicy chicken tikka fix as it ain't gonna do it for you. Its funny when some of the reviewers are referring it as Indian food... its like comparing Taco Bell food with Mexican food. One of our visits couple of years ago was during their happy hour which I thought was a good concept. If you want real North or South Indian food, there are plenty of good places in the valley.
Very, very disappointing. I liked their previous location and the menu. It's sad that they kept the same name after they moved, because the food and the menu choices are very poor.  It has as much relevance to any Indian restaurant, as a Taco Bell to a Mexican place. Will NEVER go back.
I had a craving for pizza. So this is where the review starts...  We decided to go to Sammy's and I was pleasantly suprised at the outside seating area. Unfortunately, I get cold easily so I stayed inside. However, there is a nice little fire going with booths and tables surrounding it.   I opted for the Tuscan pizza while my bf chose the New York. I secretly liked his better and was jealous that I didn't chose that one. But we share so I did get a piece of the pie.   I choose Tuscan because of the arugula and prosciutto. I know prosciutto is salty but it didn't seem to fare well on my pizza. Plus, I didn't know that it was fresh arugula on my pizza... It was a suprise. But I ate the pizza with no complaints...  However my friends.... the NEW YORK pizza was delicious.  MEAT! MEAT! MEAT! Could have had more salami but I guess all good things in moderation.   Would I go here again? Possibly. But I think I'll try out other pizza joints in the area first.
Had to send my food back, pasta was tough and sauce tasted like a can of chef bouyardee...
I have eaten at the Sammy's in San Diego lot of times, I love it. Tonight we felt like having pizza, I suggested a place in Summerlin that we love, but it is a bit to far from our house. We order take out from Sammy's and became very sad when we arrived home. We ordered the New York pizza, and the Balsamic chicken salad. The pizza did not live up the 13 dollars that it cost and the salad was wilty. I hope I don't wake up at 2am vomiting out of control.  :(
Had Sammy's for the first time last night. They have a huge menu. The hubs got a pizza (which looked amazing) I had the London Broil (I was craving a steak),The London Broil smelled amazing, looked amazing, and was SO tender, but had ZERO flavor. Im not even sure how that happens, but it did. Even with the mushrooms, and garlic... They  didnt help.  The hubs said his pizza was "Eeh" but that the crust was amazing. For the prices, we expected better.
We only went there because we had a gift certificate. The caesar salad had been sitting in dressing too long and was wilted, and the croutons were so hard I nearly broke a tooth! My daughter, who is 13, said her basic alfredo pasta was "disgusting", and I have to admit that it was pretty gross, swimming in milk and completely lacking any seasonning. My husband's tequila chicken pasta was very bland. But my fish tacos, surprisingly, were very good! The menu is all over the place...Pizza? Lebanese? American/? Mexican? We don't know! WIll we go back? Probably not.
What happened to the Daiya Cheese?  I didn't see it as a substitution option in the pizza section on the menu so I asked our server.  The menu was redone a few weeks ago so now there are only 3 options for vegans.  Not even the fried tofu with ginger miso is a vegan option - really, vegans are usually the only people that will consider ordering tofu from a non-asian restaurant and Sammy's isn't going to make that an option for us?  Well, one order of hummus for me and a vegetarian pizza for my husband and here's the review.  (BTW, he asked to omit the eggplant from the vegetarian pizza but was told that the toppings were already mixed together.  What?  Are the pizzas  pre-assembled now?  Well, our order was up in less than 5 minutes which solidified my theory - total chain restaurant.  I know there are a lot of Sammy's locations but I honestly thought that freshly prepared food was still the norm.    The hummus was smeared on the plate with a sloppy dowsing of paprika and served with 8 wedges of flat bread.  I seriously wonder if the flat bread was vegan friendly because it tasted like butter was spread on it rather then olive oil.  I had to generously season the hummus with red pepper flakes for some taste.    The vegetarian pizza had no flavor.  Husband had to season with both salt & red pepper flakes.  We also deconstructed the pizza looking for any sauce which we could not find.  It did appear that the cherry tomatoes on top were fresh.    We ordered one glass of wine and one beer and that was all we had.  After consuming all of the red pepper flakes water would have  been welcomed but for some reason we were not offered it.  The other 4 occupied tables in our area all had water, including the other table our server was waiting on.  On the way out the door we made it a point to take water inventory on the rest of the occupied tables and confirmed that we were the only ones without.    After this experience the all too familiar conversation that we have in the car on the way home is titled:  This is why we never go out to eat.
The service was slow we had to remind the waitress to bring us our water the food was okay. With no leadership taking action , we had to go up to the counter ask for Parmesan cheese and also give them the check and the credit card so we could leave. The food is mediocre at best for the service to be so slow, especially in Las Vegas given all the competition a great places for places to eat. It's okay you have all the time the world. I don't plan on returning any time soon
Friendly staff, good atmosphere.  Inside or outside seating option is good.  Small portions sizes, high price, compared to most pizza establishments.  Taste is average.  They ran out of a gluten free menu item when we were there, so my wife got a menu option she did not prefer.
Delicious food, but very expensive.  I ordered a Caesar salad with the whole breast of chicken and a beer that totaled out to 24.82 before tip.  I am guessing that the half of breast of chicken would be $3 instead of the $6 for the whole, but still $20... that place should be rated with $$$ not $$.
Was seated and waited 15 minutes here without as much as a hello. So we left and will not be back.
The food? Absolutely amazing.  And that's where it ends.  As a vegetarian, I am always looking for new places to eat. I work near Chakra and a co-worker and I decided to head over there on our (hour) lunch break. We walked in and saw a sign that said "please wait to be greeted!" so... we did. For almost ten minutes. A few employees glanced at us and didn't say anything. Finally, an employee told us we could "sit anywhere we wanted" - why did we need to wait to be greeted, then? Oh well.   The food isn't cheap. A tea and the Nutty Raw-vacado ran me nearly 20 bucks with tip. Our server was all right, but it took ten minutes just to get her over to get our drink orders. Another 25-30 minutes passed (we were looking at around 1:45 and we had to be back to work by 2PM) and our food was finally out.  And it was REALLY good. The plate was overflowing with greens and my sandwich was delicious. We stuffed our faces pretty quickly - I didn't get to enjoy my food half as much as I would've liked! My co-worker mentioned that last time he had eaten at Chakra, he had ended up having a nearly 2-hour lunch because of the slow service.   I hate to say it, but, for almost all raw food, what the heck is taking so long in the kitchen?  As delicious as the food was, I have to say - I probably won't be back to Chakra.
Although I am impressed with the herb store that is part of this establishment, the restaurant leaves a lot to be desired.  Let's start with the tables & chairs:  very tiny (like for children's tea parties) and rickety (although it adds to a sense of excitement and paranoia -- to compliment the sense of inferiority they attempt to engender with their "we will wait on you when we feel like it because we are more elightened about veganism than you" treatment).    A few of the items that interested my husband on the menu happened to be unavailable and apparently this is not ucommon at Chakra 4 according to some other reviews here.  I ordered the watermelon gespacho (sp?), which was very good.  Their bread / toast is another matter.  It was very hard (think thin patio paver).  Although it was drenched in olive oil, I broke the corner of my lower left tooth completely off (I think I must have swallowed it) when biting into it.  Since I didn't realize it until about an hour after leaving the restaurant,  they would not refund the meal or offer to pay my resulting dental bill.  They have a very limited and uncooperative refund policy when it comes to having issues with their food.  I think the only way they would have refunded the meal was if I were accompanied by a camera team who filmed the entire meal and the broken tooth incident, as well as a forensic team who could analyze the contents of my stomach/bowels for the tooth chip, and a cement engineer to test the hardness of their bread/toast versus that of my tooth, which doesn't seem cost effective...  At least I got my calcium when I swallowed my own tooth chip -- I literally got "my calcium"!  If you have any old, stale bread that you are considering throwing out, or that has sat in the sun for a few days after accidentally being left on your back patio table following a meal outside, by all means send it to Chakra 4 so they can then TOAST it, then drizzle a little EVOO on it and serve it to their customers -- RECYCLE PEOPLE!  But don't expect any sympathy or cooperation if you leave their restaurant with your smile looking like Wil-E-Coyote's after he accidentally missed the Roadrunner and instead bit down on an Acme metal plate.
Yeah, it's a great concept, as there are more and more people becoming vegan. They also have an extensive selection of herbs and such. The place is clean.  But the 3 most important things to me in a restaurant are: the quality of the food, the value for the price, and the service. Chakra failed on all 3 counts.  The service: awful. I waited and waited at the counter, and I was ignored, even by the woman at the register who's evidently doing some kind of accounting. Fine, I can understand the need for business processes, but she could at least have LOOKED UP and smiled and told me she'd be with me in a moment. I had to be standing there for over 5 minutes, more like 10 - and ignoring me for that long was beyond rude. Or one of the staff could have checked on me. Nope. I actually felt like I was bothering them for being there.  The food: also awful. Granted, I only went there once (but once was enough for me). I  forget exactly which one I ordered, it was some sort of wrap or burrito. It sounded really good on the menu - a delicious mix chock-full of greens and various crunchy veggies. Well, I got to my car and took a few bites and gave up. It was almost entirely some sort of greens with very paltry portions of other vegetables (a couple of string-like shreds of celery) - I actually opened it up in my car to look for them. What made it even worse was that the greens were wet, and the whole thing was water-logged and the tortilla got soaked through. And there was absolutely ZERO seasoning! Appalling. Disgusting and unacceptable. I threw it out.  The value: I cannot believe I paid $13 for this piece of garbage. Not only that, it was supposed to come with a side of salsa, and wouldn't you know it, it did not. It's rare for me to get so angry about an establishment, and I would have returned it had I not been on the go & headed to an appointment.
Great selection of teas, but didn't seem all that knowledgable or helpful in selecting them.  I expected a little more from a place not competing on price or convenience.  The experience was pretty standard hippie meh.  I expect specialty stores to command subject expertise.  I thought it was a bit lacking.  I might go back but not in the near future.
Imagine you are hungry, really hungry.  Then imagine you are not really someone that eats meat. Then imagine there is a vegetarian restaurant right by your house that is reviewed well.   Then fast forward to the point were you visit the restaurant and imagine the waitress to be acting preoccupied and treating you like you are inconveniencing her yogi swag.  Then imagine that the food was only OK at best. Then imagine that there were 8 employees there and you had to wait a considerable time for refills and extras.  Well you just imagined my experience at Chakra. Attitude goes a long way with me... And their vegetarian elitist attitude is hardly inviting or hospitable. There was an older lady there that was very kind, however the other employees were just abrasive. Won't be back.
The most amazing vegan foods and teas BUT the worst service EVER!  It can take an hour or two to see your food and because of that I can't go. And with the food running so slow you would think they would be apologetic but the waiters are stuck in a meditation trance of rudeness and don't acknowledge it or you. I've gone 3 times hoping a different waiter would help or a different day but no luck. Unless you have all day to kill don't go
Burrito excellent.....linguini not so good.....but I liked the walnut "meatballs".  For transparency I'm far from a vegetarian, I prefer a juicy burger.
Not really a fan, and probably our experience was tainted by the service. We happened to go on a day when the weather was gorgeous and sat outside. It was our first visit as I was excited to try a new restaurant. There seemed to be a good number of regulars there at the same time so I thought, great, people like this place enough to keep coming back!   Unfortunately for us, we probably won't be regulars. For one thing, if you have questions about their menu or just don't seem well versed in the world of vegan dining, the staff seems to look down on you. Whether it was intentional or not, the fact is, that is how they left this customer feeling, so NO GOOD. Then, food was expensive for what we got. Iced tea wasn't very flavorful. My husband got a drink that I now can't remember the name of, but he thought it was okay. My spaghetti squash was fine, but not spectacular. I don't even remember what my husband got, because he was still hungry after this lunch and needed to go next door to the Greek restaurant for a gyro to satisfy his hunger.   All in all, an unsuccessful restaurant outing.
Good food, but the service is so disappointing its not worth the trip.
The food here was delicious! The dessert is very overpriced! I can get the same dessert options at Whole Foods around the corner for a quarter the price. I was disappointed about the service. We watched as all the other tables were waited on while we sat with our waters.... After we finished eating, we waited patiently for about fifteen minutes for our check. We finally pulled another waiter aside and she gladly helped us. As we walked out of the restaurant, there was our original slow waiter sitting on her phone and smoking.  Not going to be going back. Not worth the money with service like that.
The restaurant doesn't have prices listed online which probably was a wise decision not to scare potential customers beforehand. Food that is claimed to be local and organic is highly overpriced, as other reviewers noted. I would understand paying $17 for gnocchi with organic grass-fed meatball sauce, but it has no meat! Organic vegetables are so cheap at the groceries, I can't get why organic vegetables at vegetarian cafes are so expensive.  There are lots of loose leaf teas, spices and herbs, but none of them is unique enough (wow, loose chamomile tea!) nor worth the price, especially counting how close Trader Joe's and Whole Foods are to this place.     The only good thing about this cafe is that it has no soy, but advantages of local organic vegetarian cafe fade as quickly as you enter the door of overpriced pretentiousness. What a waste of time it was visiting this place.
Huge downside is not having a price list anywhere. Ordered the gnocchi and iced tea to go and was told $20. I was expecting a larger portion for that price. The gnocchi was really good, just not $17 for it's extremely small portion good. Might be back. Not sure yet. I also don't understand the $1 to go charge. Seriously?
Food was great and service is awesome but this place charges way to much for the dessert and food.  They charge $6 for one cookie which is about the size of a Girl Scout cookie and is nothing special.  My wife makes vegan cookies with her food processor all the time and they taste very similar.  If you order a slice of cheese cake, $12.  Which I will have to admit is pretty good but not $12 good.  I don't think we will return.  They charge way to much!
Let me keep this short, simple and to the point...  1) Food is expensive. 2) Food has no salt. 3) Service is mediocre. AND THE KICKER...... 4) Found a hair in my wrap and was compensated with a truffle!   I will most definitely NOT be back.
Excellent food, friendly service, OUTRAGEOUS prices!!  I'm glad to see many, many other reviewers have noticed this.  Even so, I think it worth pointing out that the dishes aren't "a bit pricey", they're ABSURD.  I ordered the herbed quinoa bowl on the Sunday brunch menu.  Fresh, tasty dish, but for $13 I did not get a salad bowl, not even a soup bowl - it was, at best, a custard bowl.  And no accompaniment of any kind.  Ten to 15 minutes, eating slowly, mind you, and I was done.  With a carafe of iced tea (they had not brewed any iced tea that day, so there was none available by the glass - WHAT?!), tax and tip (service is good, and the server doesn't set the menu prices, so she deserves a full tip), I blew $22 on a custard bowl with a few spoonfuls of quinoa, beans and avocado and iced tea.  That is BAD value for the money.  I understand that they serve a "niche" audience, source locally, blah dee blah, and I "get" the Food & Beverage industry, but I genuinely felt ripped off at those price levels.  Others have mentioned the high price of the desserts.  I have never bought one here for that very reason.  Another example on the "sides" for the Sunday brunch menu: ONE GF biscuit with gravy for $7!!  Despite this being a vegan place, I'd expect a "slider" of filet mignon inside the biscuit (hold the gravy, of course) at that price!  I will not be back, and for me to not return to a place solely because of price point and perceived lack of value is extremely rare.  Too bad, because they have a good product - they just charge 3 to 4 times what it's worth..
Visited this restaurant on Sunday 7.12.09 around 2pm for lunch. I walked into the place and saw a little bit of a difference in lighting from other PF Chang's I've been to. They actually had their curtains open to let in some natural light, which was really nice. You could see the place was clean and it gave the atmosphere a more of a casual vibe. I enjoy eating at places where it's a little more personable with the wait staff, which wasn't the case this afternoon. The wait staff on this afternoon wasn't focused on the customer, which was me. It seemed like a young crowd of wait staff that didn't want to work a Sunday afternoon. I didn't see any genuine smiles from them. They had the attitude of blah, blah blah, here's your food, bye. I ordered the peppercorn beef dish, and my husband ordered the kung pow dish extra spicy. For an app we had 4 spring rolls. The app didn't taste fresh, and the sweet and sour sauce served with it was bland. Our meals were a decent size but low on sauce for some reason. The rice was a little dry. And my husband's extra spicy kung pow didn't have any pow at all. So at this point I was asking myself, why eat here? I could have gone to any neighborhood Chinese place and have gotten the same quality of food with paying 1/2 the price.. I'm really considering being a little stuck up saying that these chain restaurants are expected to have a certain standard, and why can't they go above it to empress me to come back? I think in this type of economy I'm really going to start to eat at the more mom and pop places where you can feel the heart and soul that is put in the dinning experience. I probably am not going to go back to this chain because of this experience.
This seems to be good if you are not used to going out alot to fine dining places. It has a good atmosphere , cheap food but can still feel like you are going out for a night on the town.   People rave about the lettuce wraps , which I find very blah, but I cant think of anything that truly stands out with any of the food here.   This is a very safe place to go if you are with semi picky eaters or people who are on a budget. The kierland commons location I find a bit better because the area outside can be nicer for groups or in a date setting  with the fountains and courtyards.   However , if you are eating healthy, even the healthly menu will leave you felling weighed down.   You are better off eating at Ra for a lighter meal.
Out shopping yesterday I was tired, hungry and sniffily(sp?) so I decided some Changs Lettuce wraps and Wonton soup were in order for lunch. The first time I called it sounded like somebody hung up. I've cut people off too so no big deal. Called back and sat on hold for what felt like forever until a surly sounding guy took my order and told me 15 minutes. I go there expecting it to be busy and that was why the guy was crabby but it was probably only 1/3 full. I walk in and there is nobody up front, so I go to the bar and wait and 5 minutes-no bartender. I go back up front and find and ask the host about the bartender and she says he'll be back soon so I continue to wait at the bar, no bartender no nobody. Finally the guy comes back and asks me "you have the soup right?" Yeah I did. I reluctantly tipped him a couple bucks and headed home only to find super salty lettuce wrap filling- like buckets of salt on it- and sub-par soup. I just had this soup less than a week ago from the Changs at Kierland and it was awesome. This one had a few scrawny looking shrimp in it where it usually comes with big juicy thick shrimp. And something was off with the broth too, didnt taste right at all. I have loved this soup for years and this was the first time I have been disappointed. Oh well, I will just avoid this location in the future!
We went to this location, and it was awful. -Food was cold. -Service was terrible. -Our server even forced me to put my leftovers in a box with my hands.  It was so bad I sent a note to PF Chang's corporate. They followed up with an email, basically saying they were sorry. They even had the store manager call me. You know what he did? He said he was sorry. Are you kidding me? I'd at least expect a GC to come back. Nope. I'll never go back. It's overpriced crap. At least at Pei Wei it's cheaper and you get your food hot.  Here's my letter to corporate: Hello, I'm writing in regard to the dinner we just had at your Happy Valley location. I'm extremely sorry to say it was very disappointing. When we arrived at our table there were used napkins under the table, and the wrapped silverware I was supposed to use was on the seat of the booth. I asked for a different napkin roll (who wants to use a napkin on your face where people have sat?), so the server gave me one from a different table where he placed the one I didn't want. The food was ok. It tasted ok, but it was not very warm at all. I ordered the mu shu chicken, which I asked for the server to wrap in the crepes me. I understand they are not the most simple to wrap, but by the time they got done with them they looked pretty unappetizing. They were ripped and pretty rough looking. I would have told the server or anybody that our food wasn't very hot, but nobody ever came back to the table to ask us how everything was. I also was only drinking water because I'm pregnant and avoiding caffeine and alcohol. It would have been nice to have been offered more water at some point. It's disappointing to me, because we only try to eat out once a week lately to help save money. We thought we'd treat ourselves to a nice afternoon movie and then a nice dinner out. I selected your restaurant because I thought of it as more mid-upper scale. So, I thought it would be a nice treat for my partner and myself. Nobody ever came back to ask how things were. When I asked the server for to-go boxes he suggested I "take care of it myself." Basically, he'd already cleared everything away, so I had to put the mu shu chicken roll in the box myself with my hands. I felt this was sort of weird and inappropriate. I mean, better my hands than his, but it's not what I'd call a nice dining experience. Our server was just ok, but it did seem like we weren't that important to him - but maybe that's how he feels if you don't order drinks and apps - if he's assuming you aren't going to tip him very well. I always tip at least 20%, if not more, when the service is good. He was lucky to get 15%. He was fair at best. I found all of this very surprising because the restaurant was maybe a third full - so it's not like they were so slammed that things slipped by. The other sad thing is that we spent a good part of our dining conversation talking about where we should have gone for better Chinese food and service. Then when we left my partner kept commenting on how Applebee's, Logan's or Ah-So would have been better. Perhaps it would have. I noticed on my receipt a message saying I could take a survey if I had a code. I had no code or I would have gladly taken the survey with this feedback. I also noticed the staff trying to seat a couple at a booth where two young children had previously been. The booth was messy and had food on the seat, and the older gentleman had to point it out to the server asking her to clean it before he sat down. There were plenty of open tables, yet she was sitting them next to the kitchen at a dirty table. In fact, she was wiping the table as she sat them down - in a restaurant that was a third full! I hope your staff is able to correct some of this obvious issues. During what continues to be tough economic times, I think people are much more selective about their dining-out dollars. I know that's our case. I would be very hesitant to return to any of your locations after this dinner.
The food is pretty good but we have gone in 3-4 times (because it is the only Chinese food in the area) and the service has been awful every time.  We tried to call in an order and it still took them an extra 20 min then they said it would take to get our food.   This last time they only had one server working. I felt really bad for the guy.
The atmosphere was nice, but I ordered the Mahi Mahi and it came out over cooked and super dry. It was like eating cardboard.
My first time at PF Changs was at this location. This was also my last time at a PF Changs. It's not because they had terrible service, or bad food; it was because they just...didn't have anything special.   I'm a die hard Pei Wei fan, and quite honestly, I feel as though PF Changs is just  an overpriced, watered-down version of Pei Wei. I felt like the portions were small and the flavor just wasn't there. I would much rather get an Orange Peel Signature Dish to-go at Pei Wei and enjoy an afternoon lunch in the park.
Something is very weird about this location.  I have been going here on and off for the past three years but over the last 6 months or so it has steadily gone down hill.  The food is still great, I'll give them that.  Not consistent in terms of spiciness but I actually take that as a good sign that my food is being prepared fresh and not just from a pre-made bag of prepared food.  The main problem I have is the management here.   Service has always been good but the managers seem to get a kick out of berating and harassing the servers which ruins  the meal for me.  The manager would stand next to our server and tell her that we needed drink refills.  This was about 5 seconds after she said "I'll be right back with some refills."  Later when she came by she asked if she could put our leftovers in some take home containers... seconds later the manager yelled at her to get us some to-go containers. Creepy and harassing and not the first time I have seen it.  A table next to us joked "what's with the bouncer?" Just not a relaxing atmosphere to enjoy your food anymore. Please send your managers to a restaurant etiquette class!
Nasty, nasty...dirty. Dim Sum happy hour was nothing to write about. The food set me back to not set in their doors again.
Thus PF Changs goes the way of all restaurants.  Always a fan of the restaurant, even with their exorbitant prices.  Well, as long as the quality lasts.  Alas, the quality has crashed down to the quality of your local Chinese take-out.  The two beef dishes, mongolian beef and wok-charred beef, both contained an unnecessary amount of fatty beef, the unedible kind.  Sorry, PF, if that's what I can expect, I don't have to pay your prices!
I was sent a $20 gift card for PF Chang's from Klout. I decided to take my wife there today for lunch. Knowing that it would be busy I predicted a wait. They quoted 25-30 min's however it was only about 10. That was great. Over all the food was decent, However the 1 star is simply for the poor service. I could have gotten the same quality food from many places and gotten service that was far better. The waitress had to be flagged down every time we needed more tea, She seemed to be trying to rush us through the meal. At one point she even took the plate I was eating my appetizer off of. When I ask for a side of salad dressing it took forever to get this. When the time came for the bill it was dropped on the table, But no fortune cookies where there or even offered. Simply put the service was beyond bad. I don't think I will ever go back.
I have tried this located several times and it seems each time I get a crappier waitor or waitress and worse service than before, which I didn't even think was possible.  Today my meal took so long that I couldn't even eat it there.  I asked for a box and had to take it with me to enjoy at a later time.  I have a whole hour for lunch, I didn't order anything crazy to make.    This place has poor time management skills and is very disappointing.  The only thing good about this place is Zach the manager and Nichole a server.  I guess I should get their schedules and only go when they are working.  What a shame to have such great food and have it ruined each time by poor service.
We found the food to be subpar and wildly overpriced (c'mon, guys, fifteen to twenty bucks for an entree that goes for $8 to $12 at most other places?). Bland, uninteresting lettuce wraps; mango chicken on the bitter side; Singapore street noodles that would never have made it in Singapore except perhaps as fodder for livestock. How this place established such a favorable reputation is quite beyond me - no one in our party was a bit impressed.  Service was the high point of the visit. Our gal was was totally on the ball, fast, friendly and professional. But outstanding service doth not a successful outing make, and I have no plans to return. There are so many other interesting Asian places around for so much less money.
The food is okay, definitely not worth the price, Pei Wei is just as good maybe even better and it is much more affordable.  We received the worst service at this location multiple times and will not return.
Honestly, the worst service I've ever had. Tried it more than once, and I will never return.
3 strikes and you're out would describe my experience with takeout here. Long waits for my food each time only to find out they forgot to put in my order or let it sit in the back for 10+ minutes getting cold. But that would be forgivable if the Pad Thai I ordered each time was actually any good. It's a staple, basic dish for an Asian restaurant! Yet when I order it here it has absolutely no flavor, not to mention it definitely wasn't cooked to be extra spicy as I'd ordered it! I even thought they'd accidentally left off the sauce the first time until I gave the dish one more try... and same thing, NO FLAVOR AT ALL. To make it even worse, the chicken was breaded and overcooked as if they'd thrown in some leftover chicken from a different dish. Fail. I wish they'd replace PF with a Pei Wei. At least Pei Wei knows how to cook dishes better and for less $. No more takeout for me from this place again.
This location was a let down from any other PF's I been too. The orange chicken looked and tasted like it had been under a heat lamp for days. The salmon was flavorless and asparagus soggy. I felt like I put my money right into the toilet, grabbed a swish stick, and watched it go down. If the food was what I'm used to from other locations the following would not be so much a problem, this location is the size of postage stamp. Poor outdoor area and very cramped inside. Makes for a loud environment that kills any ambiance.
Worst service I have had in a long time. This place has really gone down hill. We were there for two hours. We placed our order as soon as we sat down and it took forever. Waiter didn't refill my drink one time. Took around 20,min to pay credit card machine was down. I felt like I was in red robin about 100 kids in there. Overpriced crappy service played out restaurant. Waiter came by table one time. Joke for nice place. I rather go to olive garden and get good service.
HORRIBLE stay away from this place, service is terrible.  Walked in and stood there for five minutes, a rude girl comes to the front and says HOLD ON, answers the phone, then looks at me like what are you doing here, so I ask for the table, she walks us there, some credit the server was ok, however a runner, some kid, brought the food and literally slammed each plate on our table and stomped off.  The server never came by again until the end of the meal.  The manager never stopped by and disappeared.  AWFUL SERVICE.
I have dined here many times since I live nearby but no more.   The first thing you notice about this place when you walk in are dirty tables.   I don't know if they don't hire bus people but the place always looks filthy.   Second, the food is always EXTREMELY greasy.   They are way too heavy handed with the oils when they cook.   I always have a stomach ache when leaving.   The beef is so chewy you have to spit out half your meal since it is inedible.  Third, service is awful.   Non attentive and they don't know the menu too well.   When you ask a server a question about a specific food item they never know the answer.  Management rude.   I signed up to be on the e-mail list.  They sent me a promotional coupon which I used.  About three weeks later they sent another coupon.   I tried to use that one but the manager told me I already used it.   Why would they send me out another coupon if I already used it?  Especially three weeks later?   I cannot recommend this place.
I went here on a Friday night with recommendations from a few Indian friends. I was very disappointed with the vegetarian selection. Of the "traditional" indian drink selection; they were completely out of all the drinks. I asked for my curry "hot, really hot and spicy." It was not. We had a group of 5 and half of our table had to wait for silverware after their food arrive. Then it took them about 35 minutes to bring us our check, nor did we get any water refills, all night. It was a bad time all round.
A disaster. We were told it would be an hour wait. No problem. It was a little over an hour, but still, no problem. It's 8:35 pm. No waiter until 9 pm. Nothing. Nada. Then, we tried to order a bottle of wine. Selection #1: "Oh, we're out of." Selection # 2: "Let me see..." "No, we're out of that one. My husband gamely tries another selection. They come back with "We're out of that as well. Perhaps you might like the merlot?"   The food arrives, blessedly, quickly. It's mediocre Indian. We've lived in major metropolitan areas and just weren't impressed. The menu, at first glance, IS impressive. But the food was just above average.  One last note. The alley-shaped space is a noise box. Be prepared to yell your thoughts across the table. So much for a nice night out.  **UPDATE** The owner offered us a dinner in response to our disappointment. We responded that, rather than that, that he ensure that no future diners experienced what we experienced. I'll give him another star for trying to remedy the situation :  )
I probably will not be back here again, and will not suggest anyone try this restaurant. I saw in the 2009 New Times' "best of" review that it mentioned "this stylish place is almost always packed with young Indian families." DUDE. Really? That doesn't indicate that it's good...it just means it's the trendy and hip place to go.  I mean, the decor is much better than most other indian food places i've been. It's fresher and newer. It has windows.  The food is meh. Paneer tikka masala sauce tasted like a creamy Campbell's tomato soup. Malai Kofta was also super creamy. We asked for spicy food, but we did not get spicy food. The mint cilantro chutney on the table was spicier than our entrees.  Two good things - the mango lassi and the naan.
I'm not sure if I was expecting too much and got caught up in all the hype surrounding this place, but I have to say...meh.  I've experienced better.  The taste of the food wasn't anything that left me saying, I MUST return here!  I can't even remember what kind of curry I ordered, but it didn't come with rice, so there was an extra charge.  Bummer.  My friends ordered dhaba thalis, which is kind of a sampler dish, and I'll give credit to The Dhaba for loading the food on there.  Perhaps that's the way to go here.  The service was also not impressive.  It wasn't bad, but it was just...slow?  The girl who was our waitress kept coming back to our table without food to tell us the status of our food and that it was going to be delayed.  I suppose that's a courteous gesture, but at some point, I got to thinking, Just come back when you have food.    Though I'm giving The Dhaba only 2 stars, I give their mango lassi and their decor 3 stars.  Check it out.  Overall, I found this place decent enough, but I've had better.
I think I heard too much hype...it just wasn't good. Very bland biryani with little or no meat, subpar service, and slow food delivery. I prefer Priya...though the service is not good either...their dishes are delicious.
I have eaten at way better Indian restaurants out here. The Malai Koftas were rock hard, and the Biryani was nothing more than Pulav. Someone please tell them the difference. Just not worth it!
It's average Indian, not bad.  Flavor was OK for the tikka masala and the goat curry.  Naan was very disappointing -- more like pita bread than naan. I would give the food 3-stars.  However, for what you get, it's pricey, so I knocked off one star.  I would not be going back there because I can't justify the price for what I get in return.
I enjoy Indian food, but this place had the worst service.  We had a table of 6 and some people got their food in 15 minutes, some people got their food in an hour.  What a horrible experience.
i chose this place and took 3 other people with me, and WOW was i embarassed about picking this place. none of us were happy, in fact we were all pretty unhappy. the business owner/manager wasn't the best with customer service nor communication. the appetizer was okay but then all of the entrees were .... well, gross. we hardly touched our food. the owner seemed irked when she saw our plates full and made things very uncomfortable. if you want delicious indian in a pleasant environment, this is NOT it.  :(
Overrated place. Great for Americans. It of you want real quality Indian food there is better to be had in Tempe. Nice atmosphere here but it's definitely in a bad neighborhood.  The bottom line was this place could be a bit closer to 4 stars if it were not for the super tiny portion size. They are really trying to keep people on a diet in this place.   It's no Kebab or India Gate in the quality dept IMO.
At 1pm on a Wednesday we were the only customers.  Service was friendly, but slow. The 2 servers/manager were too busy chatting on the phone in the back or eating their own lunch.  Another group departing as we came in seemed to be waiting at the front counter for about 10 minutes for the girl in the office to finish her phone call and close their tab.    Food was good, reasonably priced for a lunch combo with more than enough food.  3 of us ordered the lunch special (2 vegetarian, 1 chicken) which were all good, although the heat level was off.  The 2 vegetarians asked for heat level 3 (offered range of 1-10) while the chicken was requested as a 9.  Both came out around a 5. Why bother asking if you're not going to follow through.  Portions were good but oddly served.  Lunch combo includes salad, chutneys, rice, naan, entree, side, and desert.   For our group of 3 we were served 2 bowls of rice and 2 pieces of naan. We didn't run out, so it was ok, but seemed odd when everything else was served in individual dishes.  We had to ask for the salad and chutneys which were forgotten.  Masala Chai tea (which to me is the barometer of quality for any restaurant) was just ok. Too much fennel/anise flavor, and too thick/heavy being made with a lot of whole milk.    I checked in on yelp (which is how I found the place, after my first choice and favorite Udupi turned out to be closed/out of business!).  Yelp specified it was open for lunch, and offered a $15 for $25 coupon, which I purchased.  It wasn't until the end of the meal and attempting to pay that I was rudely told the promo wasn't valid with the lunch special.  I told her that wasn't mentioned in the terms, she made some excuse and wandered off.   I decided I'd just take it up with Yelp later, and put my card in the folio.  Unfortunately she disappeared and after about 10 minutes of waiting I tracked her down in the office behind the hostess stand, knocking on the door and interrupting her personal phone call.  At that point I was getting upset. with the service and called her out on the yelp promo, insisting that the only restrictions are that it's not valid for takeout or on Fridays/Saturdays. She disagreed but finally said she'd honor it and wrote down the promo code and adjusted my bill.  Overall the food was good but service was unacceptable. Portions and prices if ordering the lunch combo were reasonable but ala-carte and dinner menu pricing were excessive and the portions are probably the same judging by other reviews.  I would not return given the variety of other Indian options in the area.
My husband and I decided to celebrate my birthday a little early. We had received a Groupon for the Dhaba as a Christmas gift and decided to use it on 01-01-13.    Upon walking into to nearly empty restaurant, we were seated and told our server would be with us. Once she discovered we had the Groupon, she told us they didn't accept them on this day because it was a holiday. We promptly left.   Once in our car we checked the Groupon and discovered that New Year's Day was not one of the days listed as a day the coupon would not be accepted. So what the heck?   This is our second time at the Dhaba. After receiving shoe-leather lamb and being told it was always cooked that way, we almost didn't want to give it a second chance. After not being able to use a perfectly good coupon on day not listed in the fine print, we will not be returning to the Dhaba.    We'll eat at Star of India on Chandler Blvd. instead. The lamb there is cooked to perfection.
Weekday dinner. Staff was friendly. Food overall was ok. I've had a lot of indian food. May be for a person who's new to the cuisine may find it better. Lamb curry which came with Maharaj Thali was good. so was the garlic naan. So mey be that's what I should have ordered.
We have visited this place on multiple occasions, and it never fails the manager is awful! I have been with and without reservations. With reservations the manager refuses to seat you until the exact time even if there are lots of empty tables. She will seat people who come without reservations but if you have a reservation you will have to wait till its your time. Even if your table is ready with the reserve sign, you will sit and watch your empty table till its your exact time. The food is decent this is one of the reasons we keep coming back.  I have recommended this place to a few people but with the growing number of Indian restaurants in the metro of Phoenix maybe customer service should be something this place should work on!
It's just an over priced place with very little regard to service. We had to wait for half an hour after which we got the table and the food took another half hour to come. My husband ordered an extra roti which came after 25 mins of us just sitting and waiting staring at the entree!!! I ordered a Kashmiri chicken tikka masala which was extremely bland, my suggestion would be check out curry corner (just a block away) for half the price and way better taste. All and all if you wish to blow your money on fraud tasteless Indian food... Go ahead and try it.
I came here on a date, having read good reviews and knowing friends who like it here... and I was less than impressed.  First off, I made reservations, and we still had to wait. We were right on time, there were empty tables, and I was a little confused. After being sat by our wholly unenthusiastic hostess-slash-waitress, we waited FOREVER to get in our drink order. We perused the huge menu for quite some time, thought about getting an appetizer, but ended up skipping the app because we figured we would be there all night long if we did. (in retrospect, a smart move.)  When the food came, it was pretty good, but a little bland. I'd maybe try different dishes if there's a next time. I could see people complaining that the portions are on the smaller side, but I thought they were OK. Not great, but okay.   Minus a star for the fact that our wine never came until our food showed up, and I had to politely remind our server. Being on a date, this really was killer. Would have been nice to loosen up convo with a nice glass of wine, and we ended up both getting one glass instead of two.   All in all, super disappointing. Thought it was going to be a fun, interesting experience, and looked forward to doing something different. But this place is firmly OUT of my "dating restaurants" rotation. Maybe I'll come back with friends? If we had a super nice waitress who suggested dishes and treated us well, it could have been great. (and, it doesn't have a very romantic ambiance... we were so far apart when sitting at our "table for 2" that we joked about having convo via carrier pigeon.)   Factor in the fact that it's kind of expensive, and yeah... 2 stars all the way.
Not impressed at all , I didn't like the taste of the food and I didn't think the service was good at all. I won't be going back here for sure. I also thought it was over priced for what they offered.   I wouldn't recommend this place to my family and friends, but I know alot of people who find it to be fine.. Personally I just didn't like it though..
This place left me confused.  They advertise a relaxed dining experience with fine wines.  Unfortunately, although the service is first rate, the food arrives at the table so quickly and in rapid succession that you cannot even get to sip your wine.  The dcor is great.  It is inviting and invigorating.  You know you are about to have a different dining adventure.  Now for the down side.  The food all taste the same.  Beef, lamb, chicken, and sausage all brushed with bacon grease.  The majority of the beef offerings were overly salty.  To make things worse, the sides that they give you (mashed potato and cooked bananas) do nothing to brighten the pallet.  You will leave the restaurant feeling that you ate several thousand calories all coming from fat.  It's too bad.  This is a good concept.  Unfortunately, the food quality does not justify the high price ($45 / person).  There are many other better choices in Vegas.
I love Brazilian steakhouses, the amount of various meats to choose from and the fast paced service from the meat carriers/servers. I love texas de brazil in Chicago so when I saw on the cab an ad for Texas de brazil here in vegas I wanted to check it for lunch (casino buffets not worth the price) soon after I would check in at the hotel. It is well off the strip so you can't walk there even if u were as south as Luxor...it's in the town square mall and it from the inside and outside great dcor...salad bar better than the one in Chicago... Everything as great except for the service of our initial server and the meat servers...we got our after asking 3 times and the meat came every 15-20 minutes...the servers are suppose to work together but here it seemed like Noone wanted to help the other server...I had to ask for 2 slices of meat since I knew I won't see another server for a while... I give it two stars for the dcor and salad bar... The service sucked, if it was one person I would say they were having a bad day but the entire service seemed unorganized and not really there to work...
I have the say, this is first time I haven't agreed with the yelp majority! I went for dinner last week because a friend had a gift card.  I love Brazilian BBQs (especially Rei do Gado's in San Diego) so I was already excited, and then I read the raves about the salad bar and other offerings and I was sold.  Until...  1. We get there and the server can't find our reservation.  The place was pretty packed (Saturday night) and we definitely weren't going to wait around for an hour.  As we turned to leave, they miraculously "found" his name on the reservations list.  Nice.  Then our snotty waitress "explains" the way the restaurant works.  She shoots us attitude for ordering sodas/iced teas instead of drinks (we'd just gotten some at yard house) and then "forgets" to bring us our sides until half way through our meals when we asked the table next to us where they got their bread.  Service = abysmal!  2. The salad bar is nothing special.  The brochure touts hand made sushi, which turns out to be one place of spicy "crab" rolls.  The lobster bisque was so salty and lukewarm that I couldn't eat it (go to Brio for much better bisque).  The salad dressings were super bland.  The cold veggies (asparagus, green beans, etc.) were decent but nothing special.  The rest of the salad bar was basic.  3. The meat.  Wow, so incredibly salty.  And I love salt!  (To the point that I tend to shake more salt on potato chips...I know, disgusting).  The skirt steak was tender and cooked well but I couldn't get past the saltiness.  Same for the garlic sirloin and bacon wrapped filet mignon.  The sausage was pretty tasty but how much sausage can one person eat? (And for about $50.00 a person, I don't really want to fill up on sausage alone).  I ate a few pieces of each selection and gave up.  4. Saving Grace: the sides!  The cinnamon bananas, cheese breads and mashed potatoes are delicious.  Especially the bananas!  Yum.  I pretty much filled up on the sides.  For the price, I recommend that you go to another restaurant and get yourself a cooked to your specifications, not smothered in salt, steak.  You and your heart will thank me.
Not all that.  This joint has some of the best reviews short of Joel Robuchon but the fact is it's not much more than a glorified protein-buffet. The quality of meat is far from Prime; the salad bar is not bad; the wine list is fair; the service is acceptable. But overall, nothing outstanding. And for close to the same price you could get a great piece of meat at Envy or Joe's.  This a good example of being careful not to take Yelp reviews as food-gospel...including this review.
To the point----  One half hour ago, we left this restaurant with the intent to write our experience fresh off the brain!    My friend and me came for the steaks....we wanted meat of the Brazilian fare....What we got was a plate full of sodium and a $70.00 bill for two salads, one of which I never ate because I started straight out with the meat!  Carnivore Style!    My friend had a salad and I ate meat, meat, and more meat----all salty------%%$#@!$#@!    We asked for the manager immediately and told him about the extremely salty meat, the mash potatoes that were also high in salt, as was the lobster bisque soup too!     Instead of being concerned for our findings, he said "I will only charge you for two salads"   I told him I will only pay for one, as I only ate meat and it was all salty and extremely high in sodium....He said "two salads---That is final!"        I could continue with the tit-for-tat BS...But you get the picture....We paid with AMEX and hope to file a complaint with them for half the meal...    One very tiny star----as is all I can see giving them for the terrific water that was served us!     We should have done the Buffet at Bellagios!!!!
Well, if yelp allow I will give no star, one star is still too much in this case (for me)... the food is so high in salt. The manager could careless your input and didn't care to make it right. So! if you needs salt in you, go here, you will get to your limit in not time.
Given that I travel quite a bit and have dinner with alot of clients, I have had the opportunity to try various Texas De Brazil throughout the US (Dallas, Miami, and now Las Vegas).  This Texas De Brazil was not that good.  The service was very good.  Wait staff knew their orders and took care of you.  Environment... a bit too noisy for me.    Food... salad bar is excellent.  However, the meat (actually -- most of them) were beyond salty.  Usually, Brazilian food is salty, but this is beyond extreme.  I think it was just for that night.  It happened to be the wrong night... The ones in Dallas and Miami were cooked to perfection...  Overall, for the price, location, and quality, it was average.  For $40 a pop, I rather go to the buffet at the M or Asia buffet... cheaper and more bearable...  By the way, the best Brazilian Steak house that we ever ate at is located in Dallas --- Fogo De Chau --- totally awesome!
The first time I came here I rated it 5 stars - the server was beyond amazing.  Unfortunately, she must have spoiled me because this time the service sucked - but I would have thought it was good enough without that first "completely blown away experience".  We went on a Monday night to celebrate my husband's and son's birthdays (yes their birthdays are a couple of days apart).  I mentioned it as I made the reservation and again when we arrived.  Our server seemed distracted and he wasn't very friendly.  Hard to get his attention for side refills and drinks, etc.  And really, why only bring one banana chopped in half for a table of 5 - if they would only bring enough for the whole table - we wouldn't need to ask for more.    The food as always was amazing - even my vegetarian daughter loved the salad bar, especially the shrimp and the cold asparagus.  The gauchos however were wonderful with their heaven-sent meat!!!    But one thing that really bothered me this time was how expensive the sodas were - $3 + for a little 8 oz soda with no refills.  And no mention of the birthdays whatsoever + we were never even asked if we wanted anything for dessert.  I wasn't expecting free dessert mind you - just a little birthday song for my son that many of the other tables were receiving.  When we could finally steer our servers attention back to our table long enough for the check - it took him nearly 20 minutes to pick up our card to charge it then another ten minutes to bring us back the receipt to sign.  Made me nervous enough to search our bank records for a few days afterwards.    Let's just say when my husband asked where I wanted to go for my birthday this week - I picked Via Brasil - I always know the service is going to be wonderful there EVERY time, no matter which server we received.
I've always enjoyed eating here but today's service was so poor that I felt compelled to inform my fellow yelpers.  We waited for more than 10 minutes after being asked "what type of meat we would like" and actually had to ask a total of 3 times.  One of the diners in our party found an object (glass or plastic) in his lobster bisque and upon bringing it to the manager's attention, was offered an explanation that it was a button.  After several minutes the manager returned and offered him one free desert. How generous.  We declined.  I'm saddened that the overall deliciousness of the meal somehow gives the entitlement for such poor service, especially for the price.
I have been here many times for both lunch and dinner, always great food, always great service. But today a different story. I got the lobster bisque and it was accompanied with a half a button. I gave the find from my soup to the waiter, he apologized. The manager came over and again apologized. The waiter came back a little later and stated that the Manager would like to offer me dessert for the half a button that was in my soup. I'm sorry but... Dessert??? I already lost my appetite with finding a hard plastic button in my favorite soup, dessert????   Texas gets a HUGE thumbs down in the customer service!!! I can totally understand something in my soup... But hell.. Free dessert?? Buy my f'n lunch manager!!! Or at least have the customer skills to ask me how he can resolve the issue, offer me something himself but instead you leave it to the waiter to say something ???  I think the waiter should have been the manager and the manager should look for another non customer interaction based position.
Overrated. Salty meat - ask for no salt and they'll make it for you.
Not impressed! The meats were very salty! No refills on soft drinks! The filet was really dry! We were celebrating a birthday and the dessert wasn't comped? Extremely over priced!!!!!  Not worth your money! I went to the fiesta casino buffet and paid $6.99 and had better cuts of beef than here!!!!
Do NOT wait for an eClub coupon.  They are slow to act and slower to care. From their Feedback page.  "To Whom it May Concern:  I don't know if this classifies as a Dining Problem or an eClub problem, as both seem to be missing an element of professionalism.  Going through a third-party for eClub signups is one thing, having one that doesn't support those who sign up for it is another.  And having a restaurant that won't go the extra mile is, frankly, sad.  I called just now to the Las Vegas location, with an attempt to redeem my girlfriend's voucher for a free meal.  We have been in search of a Brazilian all-you-can-meat gourmet location, and I was so impressed the first time we came.  Since [the voucher] did not exist (we both registered several weeks ago), we called the restaurant for some advice to see if anything could be done to accommodate us.  The short answer, (after 4 unanswered calls and a three-minute hold time) was a resounding, "No."  ("Occasionally," said the hostess, "You might get a belated coupon or something.")  The hostess assured us that a complimentary cake-like dessert with a complimentary candle could be afforded us, but that no special accommodations could be done.  Just the kind of service I would expect from a McDonald's.  As an amateur critic for restaurants through several websites, I was dumbfounded, after our first experience, to see how unwilling your restaurant was at helping out its potentially-loyal patrons.  Suffice it to say, we're boycotting the location and telling our friends and colleagues about the unfriendly service you seem to provide.  Actions are, after all, louder than words.  Furthermore, I feel I am doing your company a service by allowing you to understand the situation that others (including myself) that have been subject to this kind of treatment.  It would benefit you to know you are losing significant business through this lack of courtesy.  Please respond.  I was just growing to love your restaurant.  This experience has hindered that significantly.  Your potentially Loyal Guest, Tyler"
Extremely over priced.  Every meat dish was either overcooked, undercooked, or too fatty.  EVERY MEAT DISH was toooo SALTY!!!  The only thing decend was the sausage, but sausage is decent at McDonalds, too!  $8.00 for a slice of cake, to boot!  $70 a head.  No way, no how.  And I'll tell others to stay away as well.
Dear Fellow Yelpers,   I would like to deeply apologize for not listening to those of you who forewarned me about going to Texas De Brazil for my four year anniversary. I almost wish I just ended up going to Olive Garden instead. But, I should have listened to Debbie and gone to Rosemary's. But, the 25% coupon was just too hard to pass up and so made my decision that way.   I made reservations for 7:45pm and was really excited about it because of all the hype that was given about the restaurant. My friends love it here, my ex-boss love it here, and most yelp reviewers are fond of this place. When we arrived, we gave them my name with the expectation of being seated immediately since we had a reservation. But, that wasn't the case. We were given one of those gadgets that light up when you're ready to be seated and was told it would be a few minutes. That was unusual for my boyfriend and myself.   About 20 minutes had passed and we finally got seated. First of all, what is the point of having a reservation if we're not going to be seated at our reservation time? This isn't the doctors office. When we sat down, we didn't know exactly what to do until a few minutes later when our server came to bring us bread. She said we just get up to get food from the salad bar and when we're ready we turn the circle cardboard thing over to green to let the guys with meat know that we're ready for meat. If we wanted a break, we turn it back to red. It was interesting but definitely not impressive. Secondly, do we get our own plate or does someone bring us any plates for the meat? I had to ask a server how that worked.   We got up to get food from the salad bar and found a whole a variety of different salads to choose from. It was definitely a different kind of salad bar and excitement came over me after seeing it. I chose little bits of everything so I can get a taste of it all. There was a red salad with cranberry that tasted decent, mushrooms with garlic was okay, cucumber salad was nothing exciting, sushi sucked, smoked salmon was really good, cheese and meat weren't impressive to me, etc. My boyfriend wasn't happy either. He said he's had better. Needless to say, our excitement dropped by a half.   It was time for us to try the meat, and after turning the circle card over to green, a whole band of guys with meat kept coming to us with what they had in their skewers. The chicken wrapped in bacon wasn't anything special. The chicken wasn't moist enough; chicken with Parmesan was too salty; steak was really good and had enough flavor; lamb tasted like fish and was nasty! Don't get that unless you like the taste of old rotten fish; prime rib was also very tasty.   After a few bites of the meat, we were just done. Twenty minutes of eating their food was more than enough and just called it quits. I think the only way we can enjoy the atmosphere there is if we were with a bunch of other people with a lot of alcohol in our system. To the right of us was a table with women cackling the whole time we were there. Not attractive to see and hear a woman cackle. So, Debbie definitely understand now why you went against the idea.   We got our check and I presented her the 25% coupon we had and she had the nerve to educate me on letting someone know ahead of time that we had the coupon. Funny thing is when I made the reservations on line, there was a place where you can make comments and I made the comment that we had a coupon for 25%. I even called to make sure they knew about that. What amazed me above all else is how the server didn't even ask us how we enjoyed our food. It was prominent that we hated it there by just looking at our dull sullen faces. I could've raised a stink that the amount of money we paid was not worth the food they gave us. My bf and I wondered if our pallets are just not meant for expensive food.   So, to all my fellow yelpers, I'm sorry for not listening to you. I will know better next time. This will not happen again.   Sincerely,   Sarah N.
The food, especially the picana is excellent, but their service is just horrible.  Takes forever to get seated when you have reservations.  If you're waiting for a particular meat, you'll wait 20 min while the waiter skips your table over and over until you have to get up and ask your server to go grab the one you want.  Expect to have to do that over and over.  I absolutely love the food, and I've been eating there for over a year, but the service is so bad I'm finally just giving up on the place.
Bad wine list.  Over priced.  Meat quality sub-standard. (Only bacon wrapped fillet and short ribs were good).  Pork ribs were shockingly bad.   Cocktails were weak and extremely expensive.   Salad bar was mediocre. Some stuff very good, some below average. More impressed with Whole Foods salad bar.   Service was inattentive and amateurish . Prices were high. Some servers had visible disgusting tattoos.   The air conditioning sucked, it was too hot.   These Brazilian / Argentinian / Rodizio / Churrascaria places are going to nose dive as the price of food keeps going up. They are lowering quality big time. These used to be high end all you can eat, now I need to get fresh plates all the time as the meat is sometimes inedible.   As usual, Las Vegas high end dining and wine is generally horrible and is nothing compared to the food you can get in New York City or San Francisco Bay Area.  3 people, $450 bucks at a Churrascaria. Not worth it at all.
If I could put negative 1 million stars I would place sucks, DO NOT COME HERE AND EXPECT TO BE SEATED, do your self a favor and not be lazy and find a better brazzilian BBQ place on the strip unless your willing to wait for 2 hours.
Before I say anything else, I love Texas de Brazil! However, as a regular customer at the Schaumburg branch in Illinois, this place is very disappointing and almost not worth the money. I don't even know where to start. First, our host told us our wait time would be approximately 10 minutes, but ended up being more than double that time even though it wasn't such a busy hour. Their salad bar seemed incomplete, dry, and slow to be replenished with fresh food. The sushi they serve isn't the same and isn't as good as the kind I'm used to. I love the goat cheese (best I've ever had) but when I went to get the toasted bread chips (not sure if that's their actual name) there were hardly any and the remaining few were stale. They do not serve seared ahi tuna as well as portabella mushrooms, both of which I normally get from the salad bar during dinner hours. (If you haven't tried it here, you're definitely missing out on some of the better food they have to offer). The mashed potatoes were bland and the bananas seemed rushed to get to the table. They were dry and not as soft and fully cooked. The meat is somewhat more flavorful although most of them were too raw to eat. I had to throw out about half of the pieces :( The servers and our waiter did not even ask how we like our meats cooked.   The service was poor. Meat servers were slow to come to our table and seldom came. They constantly passed us without asking if we wanted some and were not careful with cutting the meats. My cuts were either too thick or too small and I was constantly being splattered with blood from them. If it wasn't for our waiter putting in orders for the meats we specified, we would have waited even longer to be served. Never in my experiences at Texas de Brazil did I wait more than 5 minutes (after hitting the salad bar and turning my card over to green of course) to be served some meat. We had been seated almost 25 minutes and still not one meat server came to our table. In fact, while I was waiting I had to slowly fill myself up with their cheese bread which I had to keep asking for more myself since the other servers did not bother or failed to notice to provide us a fresh basket. In addition, a manager never visited our table which is something that always happens when I go there to eat no matter what time during the day.   Aside from all of that Texas de Brazil is a great restaurant and definitely a good place to go for a date. Groups are ok, but I would only recommend it if you have purchased their VIP card sold for a limited time. All of the other reviews prove true for the restaurant in general. If it wasn't for the service, I would have rated it higher... maybe it was an off night. If anything maybe this branch should hire more people.   Happy yelping:)
What can I say, I love meat! There is just something about the flame broiled carcass of a dead animal that just screams dinner to me. So on a recent trip to Vegas when my sister wanted to go to Texas de Brazil I was a very easy sell.  Brazilian churrascarias are awesome and unique and fun way to eat. I will say Texas de Brazil is the nicest and most expensive one I have ever been to, but unfortunately it definitely isn't the best I have been to. It's a very nice building and it is decorated very well. It's definitely a fun space. Unfortunately it is also in the flight path for the Las Vegas airport. I personally live relatively close to an airport so you would think I would be very numb to the sound of airplanes, but even being inside and with all the noise from the restaurant I was still very aware when the planes went over the building. That definitely distracted from the atmosphere and experience.  In addition to the meats, there is a very nice salad bar. This is the one area where Texas de Brazil definitely excels. Of all the churrascarias that I have been to, TdB has hands down the best salad bar. Unfortunately you don't go to a churrascaria for salad, you are there for meat.  The other area where TdB excels is the variety of meats. They easily have the biggest selection of meats of any place I have been before. Unfortunately the quantity didn't translate into quality. Don't get me wrong, the meats were not bad by any stretch and the Brazilian sausage was outstanding. Overall though, the meats were all pretty dry. The filet and pork especially were very dry. The picanha which they announce as being their signature meat was quite bland.  The service was okay, but nothing special. My sister and brother-in-law did mention that the service was better on their previous trip, but I can only review the time I was there. I ordered a soda which came in an 8 ounce aluminum bottle. That's right, only 8 ounces and no free refills! I went ahead and ordered a second soda, but the waiter never brought it.   If you've never been to a churrascaria before, Gauchos bring the meat to your table still on the spit. At TdB you get coasters with a green side and a red side. When you want more meat you put the green side up. When you are done (or just want to take a break) you put the red side up and the Gauchos are supposed to bypass your table. On this trip, the Gauchos completely ignored the color of the coasters and kept stopping at the table to offer us more meat even when the red side of the coasters were clearly showing. That can be very annoying if you are trying to have a conversation with someone.  I should also mention that my stomach was a little upset later than night. My sister mentioned to me the next day that she also had an upset stomach later than night.  They charge $50 per person which is definitely more expensive than the other churrascaria that I have been to. Based on the food I would have probably given them 3 stars, but they lost a star for being overpriced and for the fact that the service wasn't particularly good on this visit.  One note, if you decide to go, make sure you join their email club and you will get an email coupon for 25% off to help offset their high cost.  But if you look around you will find better places that cost less.
Executive Summary - Is this real churrasco?  Is Disney real life?  The truth is a resounding NOOOOOOOO.  This is side show, a theatrical performance, but is is not authentic  I am in Las Vegas on a long term project with an expense account.  I was in need for some comfort food . . . that's right P-I-C-A-N-H-A . . . say it again PICANHA.  Several choices here in Las Vegas and Fogo arriving next month.  I will check out the others and then Fogo when it arrives.  I know picanha . . . Porco no Brasil and others . . . I make picanha at home.  I know picanha, son, and well this is not good picanha.  That is right I said the impossible . . . this is not good picanha.  You might be saying . . . impossible but it is true.  Of the piles of picanha I got, mostly because the rest of the meat was worse, only 4 pieces were cooked to my liking.  Well done is not my style and hey the lamb chop was almost inedible as it was cooked past well done . . . Yep I said it past well done lamb chop.  I speak portuguese, know Brasil and come to churrascaria to relax, speak that amazing language that stirs my soul, get a good caipirinha, eat delicious meat and if I am lucky sip some cachaa velha (Aged Cachaa).  I was disappointed on all counts.  I only spoke to two Brasileiros, the caipirinha was made by an american bartender that added so much sugar that I might as well just stuck my head in a bag of sugar and the cachaa selection sucked, Leblon and 55.  Really Leblon rarely seen in Brasil and 55 is pinga . . . nasty, nasty stuff for alcoholics.  Where is a nice Vale Verde or a Armazem Veiera or Anizio Santiago Habana . . . well no where in sight.  Oh and it is Linguia,  not Sausage . . . When I asked if some could be brought around the waiter did not even know what it was.    The salad bar even sucked.    I will not return . . . ever.  I would rather close my eyes, lift a burger to my lips, and pretend it was picanha . . . it would be closer than the overcooked rendition I had at Texas de Brazil.    Oh and the po de quiejo was served cold and nasty.  Really how can you state you are authentic Brasilian churrasco and screw that up?  I don't know.
Let's start an argument on what defines a great restaurant.  Okay, here are my two cents on the subject.   While just about every little detail can (and often will) pepper one's over-all evaluation of a restaurant as a whole, I believe there are primarily 3 aspects that hold the greatest sphere of influence on my decision making: 1. Food Quality 2. Service Quality 3. Price   The first two, food quality and service quality are directly proportionate to the third - price. Our taste buds and our comfort level are trained to expect a certain level of quality when it comes to food and service, based on the price-point we expect to pay for the meal. While a Roberto's burrito may not win culinary awards in France, it's a damn fine meal for $3.50. In the same respect, when I fork over $200+ dollars for dinner with my better half, I expect a "wow" around every corner.  Which brings me to Texas de Brazil (forgive the tangent). Let's ignore that fact that first timers might find themselves hoodwinked by the practice of seating you before they drop the ball on the price-point (and that's only if you ask - ever, otherwise they won't say a word until the bill arrives). The $50 per person price tab is not completely unreasonable, unless you are not looking to stuff yourself (which is about the only way to get your money's worth).   The meats are good, but not great. The bacon wrapped selections were as dry as my mother's sense of humor.  The salad bar has some good items, but it is not overly impressive as a whole. I did feel like stuffing my pockets with some of the Grana Padano.  And the desserts are "What! Not included in the price?"  The whole meal, my party and I felt ill at ease. They try not to show it, but the staff pushes you through the meal like a drill sergeant on your first day of boot camp - you just try to stay quiet and not fall down.  The Meat Men come by way too fast. Even a ravenous hunger can not keep up with the pace they set. Then, once they have overwhelmed you with their blitzkrieg attack, they tend to disappear just as quickly. Do I really need to raise my hand to get your attention?  Texas de Brazil is just not that great. The food and service (while decent) do not match up to the price-point.   The whole experience felt like an assembly line - they zip you in and zip you out with such great speed that you hardly noticed they picked your wallet dry.
The short review:  1) Bad service 2) Way too salty meats 3) Overpriced The long one: We had a party of 15 people and weren't allowed to be seated until our whole group was present because it would be "too much hassle" for our waiter to repeat the "dining instructions" more than once. Are you effin serious?!? With the prices they charge, the waiter should freakin sing and dance while going over their sacrosanct instructions, and do it as many times as necessary. We were there to have a good time, but instead we were shouted at by our waiter, who was more like a drill sergeant. --no smiles, no small talk. The guy just wanted to shout his schpill at us so he could move on.  And forget about the little red and green disks they give you. They mean nothing, as the meats kept on coming even though we had ours on red.  The meats were extremely salty. The salad buffet was just average and you'll walk out of that place a whole lot poorer.  Vegas has a plethora of excellent restaurants. Don't waste your time and hard-earned $$$ on this one.
I am giving two stars for the service which should be simple at a restaurant such as this. Our water was never refilled, we never got new plates when the meat was being served so we had to use our salad plates, and they never brought our side dishes either. All of the meat that was brought to our table in the beginning was well done so i just assumed that's how it was all cooked. Towards the end they started bringing meat and announcing it was medium rare but by then my plate was full of old salad and well done meat.  Unfortunatley the food was not good enough to make me want to ever go back and give it a second chance.
I usually LOVE this place. I am a meat eater and definitely get my money worth of steak when I come here, but last night I was not impressed. The meat has gone down in quality and only came around about 4 times the whole time we were there. We had to keep asking the waitress to have the guys come around, but they never did. The only thing they came around with was the flank steak, Brazilian sausage, and fillet twice. I always picked this place over Via Brazil but might have to make the switch. I will say the salad bar continues to have high quality food.
If you like to be hurried like a herd of cows, pay through the nose and frozen then this is the place for you.  They have a fantastic salad bar but unfortunately they do not allow you to enjoy it.  When we were seated the waitress told us that when we were ready for the main meal to turn over a token on table from red to green.  As soon as we started to eat our salad they started shoving meat onto our plates.  It appeared that nobody paid attention to the token on our table.  They just wanted to feed us and kick us out the door.  Some of the meats they brought us were very dry and tough.  Beware of their house special desert called papaya cream.  It was horrible!  Stick to the deserts they offer you on the tray.
This is my second Texas de Brazil location. The Aruba location was absolutely delicious, so I had to visit this location with the boyfriend when we were in Las Vegas since they don't have any locations near us. I was so estatic to introduce him to eat here but unfortunately our dining experience wasn't that great. Most of their meats were heavily salted that our meal mostly consisted of drinking tons of water. Overall, tonight's dinner was the worst dinner we ever had, especially for their pricing and that we couldn't eat our money's worth. Definitely won't be coming back to this location. 1 star for staff friendliness.
I was so excited to go here that my expectations went a bit too high. I think an actually requirement of working here is to be from Brazil. I wonder how that exactly works out... All the meat that we tried was really delicious however a lot of the times it was extremely rare. I like my meat a bit more cooked and when I asked for medium it was like they suddenly avoided our table. The buffet didn't match the cost of the meal. For that price they should be bringing all the food to me.  Over all I dont think I would go back.
We absolutely loved this place.  The food, the atmosphere, the service are all second to none.  So why the "3-star" rating?  Over the top expensive!  $50 for a 12 year old?  Come on guys!   Ridiculous!  By the way, our favorite meat served was a chicken drummie that was encrusted with Parmesan cheese.  We had it last and if we would have had it first, we would have loaded up on it.  All the meats and salad bar are spectacular.  Really.  Our servers were all exceptional.  It's really hard to find a better combination of food and service.  I just take issue with anyone charging a 12 year old full price.  Leave the kids at home and you'll enjoy a 4-star experience.   EDIT:  Just changed to 2 Star Rating.  Why?  Their website says 12 year olds get 1/2 price.  I told our main server my children were 12 and 10.  He replied, "1/2 price for the 10 yo and full price for the 12 yo".  Train your people!!!!!!  I'm now embarrassed for leaving a full 20% tip.  Damn.
A joke can't tell you how I really feel cause they removed it
First ate at Via Brazil, and thought it was totally not worth it for the price, about $45-$50 after tax and tip. Everyone said Texas was better.  So I finally came here and the meats are negligibly better, but the salad bar is worse. They don't have carpaccio like via does, albeit not great carpaccio. The meats are ok but nothing great, but the service was awesome. I think it's because we had a large party that our server just stood in the corner of the small room we were in when we didn't need anything immediately.  Honestly, it just isn't worth it. For 60 bucks (post tax+tip) I could get a steak at Gordon Ramsay Steak. And I'd rather fill up on 1 good slab of meat than on 10 different mediocre pieces of meat.  They charge you a ridiculous price and it doesn't even include dessert. And at $8.25 a slice, the prices can't get any more absurd.  Even at 30 bucks, I'd rather go for all you can eat Korean BBQ or sushi. They just taste better and are half the price.  Oh and those cards they give you that tell them if you want more meat or not, just pretend they don't even exist. The servers come by and ask if you want it anyways.  I didn't plan to ever visit here after trying Via Brazil, but it was a friend's birthday and this was the choice spot. I don't plan to ever come here again even if for another friend's birthday. The price is over the top but the meat isn't borderline inedible and the service was good, so because of that I'd have to give it 2 stars.
An expensive way to ruin my sons Birthday. Not to many complaints about the restaurant in terms of the way it is put together ......high class in terms of fittings etc. Food was way to salty they salted everything and completely over powering even this I could of forgiven the big issue was the server. My son had travelled from the UK with his girlfriend , I drove over from California to celebrate his 22nd Birthday. Upon sitting down Eric (server) requested my son's and his girlfriends ID. MY son handed over his passport and his girlfriend her UK Driving License. He totally rejected the UK Driving license and abruptly stated that she would not be able to order an alcoholic drink. I protested however he didn't want to discuss and he left. To toast my sons birthday I poured a small amount of Sangria into her empty water glass however Eric spotted this and came over and promptly removed the glass. Within 5 minutes received the check, no request if we would like Desert or Coffee just put the check down and walked off. Really bad  attitude and completely ruined the evening. Just as a point of reference my sons girlfriend used her UK license through out her 6 days in Vegas and never had an issue. There are much better ways of spending $75.00 a head
Watch your fingers!!! My friends and I went to this restaurant expecting great food and great service. I have to admit the food was good, but the management at the restaurant was absolutely terrible! One of the servers cut my friend's finger with a knife. They were initially apologetic, however, when the manager came out he was the most ridiculous person I've ever met. He stated he would not comp the meal because the "cut was not that big" despite the blood soaked napkin my friend had on the table that suggested otherwise. He was unable to define how large the cut needed to be before he was willing to pay for the meal. He then began arguing with my friend as she was upset with the way he handled the situation. This place may have decent food, but this by far was MY WORST EXPERIENCE IN VEGAS!!!
Went there for dinner Thursday night. Collectively the entire staff gave me the worst experience I have had eating out. As i entered, The hostess didn't even acknowledge me, the bartender ran out of menus and told me to go get one for the host, the manager told me their food is expensive and it costs $45 per plate. Took me about 15 minutes just to get my first drink. Had the food been good, I would've been satisfied that the food would've compensated for the lousy service- it was not.   Never ever will I go here and I will advise everyone I know not to as well.  Avoid!!
This place is a shadow of its former self. When it first open I was in love. I brought all my friends and a family and was a strong advocator of the great quality of meat and flavor they had to offer.Now the meat tastes like bad vons brand and the only you will taste (and continue to taste long after you leave) is salt. i love salt but i couldn't eat anymore after a while. Not because of how full I was but because my tongue hurt from all the sodium. I really thought this was a fluke because this place was it for me but alas they still suck this hard 3 times later. i guess we have to part ways Texas de Brazil. And it definitely is you not me :(
Okay...you see the rating.  Here's my review.    Came here to eat last night for one reason...MEAT!!!  With Lent just around the corner, I had only a couple of days before my T-Rex eating days were over for the next 6 weeks.  My date was also excited since there was a 1 1/2 hour wait.  Say What?? She felt that if the wait was that long, the food must be to die for. Well, she was almost right.  I wanted to die after I ate the food.   First of all, I've been to just two other Brazilian Steakhouses.  One was in Niagra Falls (can't remember the name because of Mr. Captain Morgan) and the other was Rei De Gado in San Diego.  Both choices were excellent, worth bragging about, and worth the price.  This was my first visit to Texas de Brazil.  I was excited since it's been close to 4 years since my last AYCE meat event.  Not going to describe each item, but I basically got their 2 chicken choices (Parmesan chicken and bacon wrapped chicken breast) and all their red meat selections, including the filet.  I was disappointed because everything was overcooked and salty.  I thought that it may have been the first batch so I got seconds.  Remember, my favorite food is seconds.  Again, dry and salty.  Their Lobster Bisque didn't have pieces of lobster in it. Bisque must mean "Lobster in Spirit" I guess. The meats were so salty, that the salad bar started to look sexy.  And they know it.    The Good: -Excellent service:  Pedro is the bestest.  Always asking us how we're doing.  We lied and told him everything was great.  Didn't want to hurt his feelings.  Besides, I was too full of sodium to complain. He still received a good tip because it's not his fault that the food was awful. -Every server was great.  Keep it on green and they are at your table every 3 minutes with food.  Put it on red to put a stop to the madness.  We had it on red most of the night.  -The salmon, cheese, and crackers were the highlight.   -Carrot Cake:  Worth the additional $13 -The glass of water (Yes, I said glass of water)  If I had to rate them just on service alone, they'd get 5 stars easy.  But for $150 for two, salty dry steaks is not my thing.  Where are you Ruth Chris?  I'm coming for you when I'm back in San Diego.  Oops..after Lent that is.
We have been so many times and always had such great service and food. This time we were disappointed.  We could not understand a word she said. She hardly came by to see if our friends needed refills.  Even the goucho's hardly stopped, even though all of our cards were green. We had asked to be moved because they sat us right by one of the places they keep water and supplies.  They constantly were squeezing by us. As soon as they moved us it all went down hill. Our bill was almost $400.00 and although the food, what we did get of it, was good, our overall experience was not very good. Very disappointed as we have always had such great service before. Kinda sucked cause we had a newbie with us and it did not have that wow effect.
I cannot stand this place. Servers were rude and the food was not very good. I got better service at fast food. don't do it4!
FOOD POISONING. Salad bar. Husband and I both within six hours of eating here, sick for 72 hours, missed work, N e v e r   A g a i n.
Terrible service! I'll stay with Via Brasil where the service is amazing and so is the food.
Sorry to say, but I did not like it at all here. The hubby and I came here for dinner on a weekday.  Even though we got there when they just opened and there were plenty of open tables, the hostess gave us one of the light devices and told us to wait till they had a table ready.  Needless to say, we had to wait about 20 minutes (mind you: they still had all those empty tables). Anyway, when we were seated we ordered our drinks and went to the salad bar- not that many options.  The sides that came to the table were ok, except for the plantains.  Those where probably the best part of the entire meal.  The meats were all too salty for us and even our drinks were not that good.  Long story short, not coming here again.
Not my favorite.  I didn't like the style of bringing the meat to the table.
I am not going to discuss the food.  Enough other people can do that.  I am very unhappy about my bill.  My total bill was $89.  I left a generous 20% tip, which included the "real" price before my coupon.  What my credit card was charged was $224.  It took two and a half days to clear through my bank account for what I authorized, which was $113.    This practice is completely unacceptable and unethical.  Credit card users beware.
First timer, and unfortunately probably only timer. The experience was very cool, the salad area was top notch. We went to celebrate my birthday, and made it known when we made our reservation, only because they asked if our visit was for an occasion. Not that it matters, but I was never wished a happy birthday, nor was I offered a birthday dessert as I actually saw 3 of them go by our table as we were dining, candle and all! The service was about the same as you would get at one of the nicer buffet's in town, but really they are only drink fillers and plate clearers.   THE MEAT...I have never in my life had so many varieties of meat presented to me for eating before, so I had to try them all. Every single one of them was so horribly salty that I could not get through any more than a bite or two of each. My wife is a certified salt-aholic, and even she could not eat most of the meats that were cut for us. The parmesan crusted pork, and bacon wrapped chicken were inedibly dry. Some of the meat, such as the bacon wrapped filet was still basically raw on the inside, and the server stated it to be medium to med-well.   Sadly enough we actually had to stop on the way home for bottles of water because we were so overwhelmed by the salty - dry taste left in our mouths.  I have to say overall it was very disappointing. So it ended up being a very expensive salad bar.
False advertising!  I got a birthday coupon for a BOGO meal.  The first line says "We want to help you celebrate your birthday." Since I'm not rich enough to pay $50 per person for one meal, this is a "special occasion" type of place.  We decided to use the coupon for my birthday.  A few nights before my birthday, I noticed the coupon said "not valid on Saturdays."  My birthday falls on a Saturday.  We already had other plans ON my birthday.  We called to see if they would honor the coupon ON my actual birthday, since it was my birthday and not just a random Saturday.  The manager said the coupon is just to bring people in during the week and that they don't care about the birthday.  Good to know.  I'll care about your business as much as you care about my birthday
Decent food, but nothing to rave about. The worst thing about this place is you can't enjoy the food you eat because its so damn COLD! I get that it's summertime in Vegas but come on! It was unbearable!! The food is not worth the bad experience.
If you are a carnivore,  this is the place.  lots of meat!  It's like meat heaven.  Fillet mignon and lamb chop were highly recommended.  Prices were outrageous.  $46.99 for adult. Half price for a seven year old. Full price for an eight year old. $5 kid charge for my one and a half old boy.  Hello??? he didn't even drink your water!!!  18% service charge on top for a table of six.  Dessert and drinks were all extra.  Salad bar was not impressive.  Some dishes were salty, others were blend.   Average food at ceiling prices.  Below my expectations. Not going back again.  Have the feeling of my wallet being butchered at the table...........
You are insane to pay these prices for ca wine  Pompous and self absorbed Escape with your credit card Never made past the bartender  He ignored us successfully for 20 mins
I've only been to one other Brazilian steakhouse in SF before this, and I ended up stuffed beyond belief.  This time around, a large group of friends and I were in town and had dinner here our first night. We had a reservation but added two extra people last minute which they were fine with, but refused to seat us until those two arrived despite having 11 of us there already. Anyway, we were finally seated and a server gave us the whole spiel on how to get fed and advertised the lobster bisque. We were starving so like a hungry herd, we jetted off to the salad bar and pot of lobster bisque. The salad was refreshing but I tried not to eat too much. Most of us agreed the lobster bisque was good the first few bites, but it was incredibly salty.   As we finished up the salad, we saw men with sticks of meat approach us. Yay finally! So much meat and so little room in my stomach. I tried most of the things they brought around except for chicken. Most of the table agreed the meats weren't too exciting in flavor and just tasted extremely salty. The cooking was also inconsistent because rare turned out to be well done on some meat sticks, and was straight up raw on other sticks. The cheese rolls and bananas were very yummy as were the mash potatoes, but that stuff is so filling.  Finally after we all tapped out, some people still wanted dessert. The portions were huge but no one was amazed by anything. Anyhoo, the food was just kind of blah and the bill was extremely high for the experience.   So I don't want to 100% blame Texas de Brazil, but about half of us had an experience similar to the movie Bridesmaids after we got back to the hotel. If you haven't seen the movie, let's just say we spent some quality time with the toilet and had symptoms of food poisoning. Since it was only half the table, I don't think it was food poisoning, but the extremely raw meat probably didn't sit well with some of us.   If you're a serious carnivore and have some dollars to spare, you might enjoy this place. But for the average eater with an average appetite, that money is probably better spent with an average sized plate.
I decided I'd better include this review in my portfolio even though it's been a few weeks since we celebrated my friend's birthday here. Endless meat sounds pretty good on the surface, right?  Here's why this doesn't work: they overwhelm you by bringing out all the meats really quickly, so you're just tempted to load your plate. Also, a lot of the meat options run pretty similarly to each other in terms of texture and flavor, and some of the meats fall flat (pork tenderloin, looking at you here). Always ask for small pieces on the first go around if possible so you can see what you really would enjoy.  It's not just protein issues here. Desserts costing even more after charging so much for the meat is really mindblowing to me. Finally, why are they not making the cheesy bread balls unlimited? Even Red bloody Lobster gives you as much bread as you want. So much meat demands vehicles for helping you get the meat into your belly, and this place just lacks in that category.  I would recommend the flank steak and one or both of the lamb options. Nothing else stuck out in my mind enough to make it to this review, and nothing really made an impression on me as a truly premium meat cut/preparation.  If you're going to charge $60+ after tax for a buffet, you'd better blow my mind. These guys didn't. It might be worth it if you're going in a ridiculously small group to celebrate your birthday dinner. Otherwise, save your money for Bacchanal, Korean BBQ, AYCE sushi, or a legitimate high-end steakhouse and thank me later.
Wow. Super disappointed.  I was here three years ago, for my birthday, and remember it being  A LOT better. We made a reservation online, and were seated quickly...it was our anniversary, and like I said, I hadn't been there in 3 years, and my guy had never been there.  First off, I know it's minor, but it is very dimly lit in there... So, factor that in with the noise factor, and you can barely recognize what you are being offered/served. We arrived during 'Happy hour'....that is only offered in the bar. Can't really enjoy that with a child, can we? But our waitress, who didn't offer her name, nor had a name tag told us that she "wouldn't mind if we went to the bar to get a drink."  Oh, how gracious of you.  I saw that they had a coconut mandarin mojito, that didn't sound very appetizing to me, so I asked if there was a way to do a pineapple one. The waitress said that would be no problem. The $12 mojito should be left to the Cuban Cuisine  at Havana Grill......Sorry, Brazil.  Words can't describe the taste... Barely any pineapple, I felt like it was over poured, or mixed wrong....I guess that's what I get for asking for a custom drink.  The salad bar was probably the highlight. The little circles hardly mean anything to the servers. After we had decided that some of the meat was either salty, or too tough, we had flipped all three of the circles provided to red. However, we were constantly interrupted by servers. At least 6 times.  The best meat that we had was the bacon wrapped chicken. It was moist, flavorful, and perfectly seasoned..and the lamb chop...even though it was gamey-er than any other lamb that I have ever had...Everything else was just kind of a miss. My guy stopped eating a lot earlier than I did, he said that he was feeling funny....  Well, that funny feeling had hit BOTH of us by the time we got home. We felt severely nauseated....I have never felt this way so quickly after eating food.  Needless to say, $120 (before tip, with 1 drink), is way too much for us to pay to get sick.
It's was our second time on this restaurant. We decided to go back coz we liked it a lot. Sad to say this will be our last dinner here. Hostess makes the first impression to the guest. We arrived exactly 7:30 as our reservation said but didn't got seated and had to wait another 15 mins as we see everyone coming in get seated right away. I had to ask and complain if not I don't think we'll get seated. So we are already not in the mood as our first impression was terrible hostessing service. Servers are great and was always making sure everything was nice. Salad bar are good and meats are great aside from BBQ beef ribs looks like corned beef. One manager came to the table and apologized and said dessert on us. For costumer recovery it should have been informed to the servers but still we didn't get it. And we didn't say manager said to give us dessert as it should have been relied to them. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant anymore and will not eat here ever. I was really disappointed with the hostess as they affect the whole dining experience.
Food was great and the servers were great but the manager was rude and unprofessional.  Sorry but Vegas is full of great places to eat so we will not be returning.
Although the address is correct,  when you use the directions on the Yelp mobile app you are directed to the AIRPORT, not the restaurant about a half mile down the road off Sunset. The food and salad bar isn't too bad. How many filets and potatoes can you really eat until you feel terribly full.
This was our 3rd time to this restaurant and we were supremely let down and won't return to this location.  We've been to 3 locations, Yonkers, Aruba and Las Vegas, all multiple times. This most recent experience was very disappointing.   The main two downfalls were the service and food quality.   1. Service: The entire meal felt very rushed, especially for 6pm on a Wednesday.  For us, it's all about the experience; eating good food and staying out of the casinos! Unfortunately, the servers rapidly kept coming to our table, and one was in such a rush, he whipped the lamb around so fast that we had pieces of meat and au ju on our table for the remainder of the night. Also, one time around, instead of thin slices of flank steak, the server cut off a huge hunk of meat and it took up a majority of my husband's plate, not very appetizing! The waiter seemed very overwhelmed, unwelcoming, and barely paid our table any attention.   2. Food quality: on our visit, we experienced dry pork tenderloin, tough flank steak (those are the main two that stand out). The best cut of meat was the top sirloin,  however, it was very salty.   Why 2 stars you ask? Because their sangria is phenomenal!!    A visit to Texas de Brazil is often the highlight of our trip, and worth the cab fare from the Strip to get there. Regrettably, for us, that is no longer the case. Save yourself time and can fare and visit a steakhouse on the strip.
I loved Texas de Brazil, Las Vegas. The staff was friendly, food and drinks delicious! The salad bar had a variety of choices and the meats melted in my mouth. The sangria was very good. Even though I enjoyed my dining experience, I had to give it 2 stars because I had a Bridesmaids moment. It was really bad! If you've seen the movie Bridesmaids, you'll understand.
Came here for a client dinner at the clients request.  The salad bar is top notch,  The meat was all very good, but a bit salty for my liking.  I went home with a really bad belly ache and later substantial gastrointestinal distress.  I woke up and decided to become vegetarian.    Unless meat is totally your thing, avoid this place.
*This is an afte review edit. I woke up after eating  here feeling so sick. I've been throwing up all morning. Not cool.  *  I took my dad and roommate here for my last night in Las Vegas. They loved it. The staff was friendly and helpful. The meat was delicious, my only complaint was it was a little too salty. I love the salad bar as the lobster bisque is very yummy. It's like butter in your mouth. The mashed potatoes they give you with the meat is so smooth and full of flavor. I was the only one who ate it as the boys preferred more meat instead of potatoes. :) more for me! My only suggestion is to not fill up at the salad bar so you have plenty of room for meat! We also somehow had room for dessert, our second stomach opened up. It wasn't anything overly special but it was good, I think I was just so full by the time we got dessert.
Be careful when you enter.  The doors are very heavy and the edges are sharp.  If you are not strong the door can come back and stab you in the leg.  My family visited this location for dinner.  My 20 year old sister in law had the door hit her in her boot.  It ripped a hole straight through her boot and her sock and ripped a hole in her foot.  She was bleeding everywhere.  Her foot was messed up for two weeks, and it still is.  We alerted the manager to the issue and he forwarded us off to the corporate office as if we wanted a pay day.  What are they going to reimburse us for?  A band-aid?  No one even said sorry.  The corporate office didnt even call us, they automatically forwarded us to an insurance adjuster who later sent a letter that we received today, stating that the door is not hazardous because they inspected it and there are no sharp edges.  We visit Texas De Brazil 2 times each month and have done so for the past 2 years.  Because of this situation and the obvious lack of care for their customers, we will not be going back.  We never asked for any money.  The least they could do is, for someone to acknowledge that a mistake was made, buy the girl a new shoe, and treat her to dinner.  If you do visit, don't get hurt, because you will probably bleed out on the floor, while the employees watch and pretend like it never happened.   Hurry up and file down the door before the insurance adjuster shows up!  I have a catering business myself, and this is not the way we or anyone else should ever treattreat loyal customers.  Im taking my business to fogos.
There website sucks. I have an account and now can not make a reservation. There home page has no login icon so you can not get into your account. Then I try to make a reservation on their site and they say it may or may not be there and I need to do something to allow cookies which I have and does not restrict access to their site. So hell, I have to go back 20 years and phone for a reservation. Maybe we will just go someplace else.
In Surprise this is probably the best Chinese offering which isnt saying a whole lot. I really wish there was an awesome offering out there in terms of Chinese food.. Mexican food, oh yeah, some very good places mostly but Asian, youre better off staying at home and cooking.   We ordered the Asian Chicken Salad, chicken was old and had that old gross fridge taste.. Dan Dan Noodle, the noodles were over cooked and stuck together as one large soggy noodle.. Curry with Tofu, the curry had a weird perfume taste.. the honey chicken was pretty good as well as the hot and sour soup though neither made for good leftovers.   With Surprise having so many chains it wasnt surprising to see one of these finally opening up.. a far better choice than Panda Express.. kind of sad, huh?
Typical big business chinese place. Slightly fancy but very average food. Kinda like a fast food place.... you walk up and order then get your own drinks etc. Portions are very small. Prices are higher than average.  They offer a few different vegetarian options but it all tastes pretty bad  do yourself a favor and also support a local business and eat at big buddha around the corner. Its much better food
I really don't understand how anyone can eat the food from here.  Granted, I am Chinese and enjoy authentic food, however I like good Chinese American food.  For someone who usually doesn't leave food on her plate unless it is really bad, I could not finish my meal because it was tasteless and below average.
I had the garlic ginger broccoli chicken and it was not very good. The broccoli was hardly cooked and the sauce was way to sweet. Everything else was great. I will give them a few more tries before I write them off as another crappy Asian restaurant in Surprise.
Me and my wife tried this place for the first time yesterday.... what a mistake! I had the Pad Thai with shrimp and steak, it was horrible!!!! the steak tasted like leather, the shrimp tasted like rubber balls of bland white fish. I will not go back, my wife's meal was horrid also...  An off night? don't know, but if it tastes like this all the time, they will not be in business much longer... Guaranteed!!
45 minute wait for a take out order. Tried calling it in, but now I see why it didn't work. Even the manager is ignoring the phone.
Took the family there last week.  Ordered fried wontons, sweet and sour beef, Mongolian beef, honey crusted chicken and pad Thai noodles.    The Mongolian beef was delicious, however the white rice was undercooked, some of the rice was hard still and crunchy.  Honey crusted chicken also quite good, same story with the rice.  Same thing with the sweet and sour beef.  Ordered the Pad Thai without peanuts... Son is allergic to peanuts so we made it very clear we didn't want anything with nuts.  They deliver the pad Thai with peanuts all over the top.  Sent it back and they fixed it.  They brought us spring rolls which we did not order.  We said they were not ours we ordered wontons.  They bring us the wontons a few minutes later.  The wontons are less expensive than the spring rolls, we point that our to the guy at the register and with a bit of smart-alecky-ness says that he "let us keep the spring rolls" and "didn't charge is for all of our drinks" as if he did us a favor.  Overall the food was decent, the rice was terrible and the attitude of the cashier was not what I expected with a $65 food order!!  I wouldn't go back for that price and food quality but perhaps we caught them on a bad day..
Definitely not a fan. Coming from Orange County, CA, I have high expectations when it comes to Asian food.  Suffice to say that Panda Express would have been a better choice, which is pretty sad.
Stopped in for a last minute dinner and was very disappointed. I ordered the broccoli/chicken and when it came it was floating in soy sauce. It looked more like a soup bowl rather than the entree it was supposed to be.  The manager was very kind and had the dish remade but by that time, my husband had finished his dinner and dinner was ruined. I doubt that I would return.
If I could give no stars I would. My family placed an order to be picked up and were told to be there at 7:20. We get there and I sit waiting for the food until 8! Nobody acted like it was a big deal when I told them and just said "oh.... Well we are running behind." Um okay?! We get home and they forgot to put the crab puffs in my bag. Didn't bother going back and moved on to our meals. My honey glazed chicken was average, edible. My husbands sweet and sour chicken was so soggy it was disgusting! Couldn't even eat it. My daughter loves fried rice and wouldn't even eat hers, it was so greasy. We all ended up eating PB&J's and it was 100x better than anything we brought home.
Awful service and average food. Ordered two dinners and two apps. They brought 1 app, 4 minutes later brought 1 dinner, after another 3 minutes they brought the other dinner. When I asked the server when my other app was coming he said "I don't know what he is doing back there".  So I asked the cooks what's up and they had not even started it. 5 minutes later it came and the manger didn't say a word when dropping it off. Food was average.
Disappointed. Not as good as the other locations. Visually nice but I can get WAY better product for less and be in a just as a nice location. Not much to say here but that I was disappointed... Do yourself a favor and check out the new Pure Sushi in Old Town Scottsdale. Deseo in the Westin Scottsdale Hotel is good too.
Ok so I'll begin with the bad, cause baby- they ain't much good..... the drinks were not as strong as they should be for $14,(I had 3 of them and was not even buzzing- usually 2 and I ready to rumble) the sushi is great, but again you end up with $20 of it perperson just to have a decent sized dinner and the waitress totally but things on our bill that we didn't order AND the "5 piece" tempura order originally came w 3 pieces. All of this and the 5 oz of  so-so sake was $15. They should be ad they are new to the valley b/c in this  market they'll be a one-off place to go for people who can vacation. Plus this was all on my birthday, so they needed to do better. Plus you pay $8 for valet and they didn,t even pull the car around all the way. Eahhhhhh "at the the sushi was good?" Is not how I wanted to feel when the bill is over $120.
Like many restaurants in Scottsdale, this is all style and no substance.  The food is good, but subpar for the prices paid.  I even returned a glass of wine because it simply was not worth the $10.00 cost.  And we did not think the menu was anything special or unique.
Just not a great Sushi Roku location.  The service was okay and the ambience was too - but the food wasn't fabulous and the sushi chef knew very little of the food he was serving.  When sitting at the sushi bar in a 'fine dining' japanese restaurant you kind of expect the chefs to be spot on and knowlegable about the food.  Not the case here.  If you want to spend this kind of money, go to Roka Akur - it's fantastic and worth every penny.
My whole night at Sushi Roku was full of "I should have known better...."  I should have known better to not trust the front desk folks at my hotel to make a restaurant recommendation..... should have  trusted YELP  I should have known better that trendy and hip don't always equal quality dinning .... should have consulted YELP   I should have known better ... when the hostess tells you 30 minutes for the next table and you don't get seated after waiting for a good 45 minutes, its time to get the hell out ..... YELP would have saved me   I should have known better .... when you're waiting for a table and you see a sea full of empty tables that the restaurant could care less if you are waiting or not ..... god YELP me   I should have known better when the restaurant never seats you at a table, keeps making up excuses as to why you can't sit down, you find a bug in your drink and they only comp you for part of your bill .... its time to give that place a big YELPIN review  Ok so bottom line ...  Sushi Roku is a trendy place in Scottsdale, its kind of hip.. but again you're in Scottsdale   I should have known better and left restaurant after being told it would take 30 minutes to get a table.  But instead I decided to take my chances and that was my bad.   The saving graces of the night was my dinner party, and the very helpful and wonderful waiter STAN.  Stan allowed me to give Roku an extra star.    Sum it up: Roku ain't worth it... move on
The ambience is a feast for the eyes and for the touch, this much is true, but one is paying a very high price for this exclusivity.  While I liked waiting in the lobby- couldn't sit at the sushi counter until it was open for dinner service at 5:30p- I did notice that for a venue that strives to project a life of luxury, housekeeping hadn't come by to clean food debris off of the coffee table (closest to the sushi restaurant's host desk).  Not even when a rep came by to alert me to a bar menu sitting on the table and asked me if I had wanted anything from the bar- she had to have noticed the mess?! I ordered a $9.50 spider roll (soft-shelled crab), a $10 veggie tempura app, and a $19 baked lobster roll, all priced at 50% for one week during their 1-year anniversary.  They're all good, and factoring in the ostentatious surroundings, I'd pay $9.50 for the soft-shelled crab roll, but I'd put my foot down on the other two.  50% maybe, but $19 for a five-piece lobster roll?  Yes, it was very tasty, and yes, the cream sauce was orgasmic, but for $19, I expect moments from the restaurant scenes of "The Ugly Truth" or "When Harry Met Sally," take your pick. If you've money to burn or have someone else paying for the bill, then this is your sushi stop near Old Town Scottsdale.
Ambiance: 4 stars  I would not come here for the food ever again! I remembered biting into a tempura veggie mix and it had the undercooked taste.  Sushi was very mediocre.    Awesome, eye candy scene (Cougars galore) but the quality of the food just was not up to par with the rest of the sushi/Japanese community.  And of course, way over priced!
I can't remember when I've actually spit out my food because it was so bad, but that's what happened to me with Sushi Roku's tofu.  I had ordered their "premium homemade tofu" three ways (truffles, caviar and lemon oil, scallions and sesame oil).  The tofu had this sourness that concerned me about its freshness...and then I literally spit out the truffle tofu because it had a rotten taste to it!  Bleh!!    I wasn't expecting great Japanese food in Phoenix, but I thought Sushi Roku would be a good bet since it's part of a group that has restaurants in SoCal and Vegas.  Wrong bet.  The king crab miso soup tasted like the instant miso soup you buy at the grocery store with old frozen crab stuck in it.  Ironically, I had thought it'd be safer to minimize the sushi since I'm surrounded by desert, but the spicy scallop roll was the one item that was actually wasn't bad - nice chunks of scallops that weren't overly sauced.    I've had decent sushi/Japanese food in Phoenix before...but it was definitely not at Sushi Roku.  To add insult to injury, they charge high prices for the bad food and slow service.  Thank goodness I didn't get sick after eating that tofu!
I will say this, the sushi, once you finally get it is amazing so the two stars is for the sushi only. That is about all the nice things I have to say.   I was here with a very large party for a friend's birthday. She warned them (and I do mean warned them) in advanced that it was going to be a large party so you would think that we would have maybe 3 or 4 servers for a party of 40. (not kidding on that number either) So the two servers we had were ok. I would usually name them by name, but alas I won't on this occasion because the service wasn't the best. I am not blaming the servers as they not only had our party of 40 but other tables as well.   Anywho, my gripe is this. For a busy Saturday night, you would think that they would have enough people to handle all of the people that were at this restaurant. The bar was super slow, the sushi bar was well slow. Let's just say everyone else in our party of 40 were almost finished with their sushi by the time myself and another young lady finally got ours. Yes again , it was good, but wow, it took a very long time. We only had three rolls between the two of us.   So don't got with a party larger than 6 max! I watched other tables with smaller parties get their food and drinks at record speed so size does matter in this situation. If you go, go early before it gets too busy so that you won't wait for your food or your drinks. Oh and it is a little pricey so be warned. I have no problem paying for good food, as long as the service is just as good. Catch my drift?
I was very disappointed in my Sushi Roku experience! Wanted a find a hip sushi spot in Scottsdale for a bachelorette party; my first thought was Stingray but they don't take reservations and I didn't want to chance it with a party of 14, so we made a reservation at Roku.  Our party arrived in high spirits, already several bottles of champagne deep, decked out in bachelorette-party attire. No penis straws or necklaces - we stay classy - but lots beads, sashes, tiaras, etc. We had only one waiter assigned to our party of 14, which would have been fine if he had been more competent. He was slow (apparently both in server speed and intellect), boring and could not have been less friendly. We had to repeat our orders to him several times, he was awkward and strange, and didn't even comment on the fact that we were clearly celebrating a bachelorette party.  The sushi came slowly and sporadically, was "ehhh" at best, and the cocktails were AWFUL. I had to send a couple back to the bar and I was already buzzing so you know they must have been pretty bad.  The place is somewhat expensive too, so save your cash and check out other trendy sushi spots in town like Stingray, Kabuki...even RA is a better bet than this place.
YAWN! this place is horridly expensive and the food is crap... seriously? but i suppose they have to have those prices to pay the decorator bill...
What a bad time! We had reservations for 930 and didn't get seated until 10...well we got seated at a temporary table until the table we were supposed to have was ready...then we moved again! They didn't get ANY of the food right! Some of us didn't eat at all. We all left hungry. My ribs were good but fatty..not worth $20. I will not be returning. One star for decor.
Were they out of their minds when they gave this place more than two stars?  Have they never had sushi before?  Have they nothing to compare it to?  Is this what desert dwellers consider good sushi?  Gag me!  Whose brilliant idea was it to place the sushi bar in the middle of the restaurant, and to seat every sushi bar patron with a loud greeting in Japanese as they were led to the bar as if they were royalty?  It was cute once or twice, but all of us sitting at our table by the entrance did not appreciate the fake sentiment by the end of our evening.  It was downright annoying.  While ordering, our server asked if we had ever been to Sushi Roku before in such a manner as to suggest that it was going to be a once-in-a-lifetime dining experience.  When he indicated that their food is served "family style" we initially thought that it meant that we would share dishes, which wouldn't work too well when five out of seven of us were vegetarians.  When he explained that it simply meant that the food is brought out as it is completed by the kitchen, I pointed out the fact that what he really meant is that the kitchen is not organized enough to assure that we will all eat at the same time.  This is unacceptable at a so-called high end restaurant.  I had to laugh at my vegetarian dinnermates.  They all ordered a tofu dish with what they called brown rice risotto.  After tasting the dish, which tasted like fried water, I understood why they thought the edamame was so good.  It's the only thing, other than the overpriced wine, that they actually tasted that night.  As for myself, I went for the sushi assortment, or should I say, the rice cakes with slivers of raw fish placed atop them.  I guess not enough raw fish survived the trek across the desert.  The fish was carefully rationed. I actually took one of the rice cakes and put all of my sushi on it to make a rainbow roll.  In the end, the server was right.  It was a once-in-a-lifetime dining experience for me.  Meaning, I'll never go back there.
Oh Sushi Roku, I really wanted to like you! I had heard such good things from friends and was so excited to finally try your sushi. But you definitely disappointed.   I mean I do come from San Francisco, where you can find some of the most amazing, mind-blowing, met in your mouth sushi... so maybe I am biased. However I can name plenty of other sushi spots in Scottsdale where you can get bigger, tastier rolls for the same price or less (like Sushi Brokers, for example).   Including our tip, the bill was about $150.... For two people!! We ordered miso soup, an appetizer, a bottle of wine (that was half off because of a Sunday special they had going on) and 4 rolls. Now I don't mind paying $75 per person if the food is outstanding, but these rolls were below average and I didn't leave feeling satisfied. Nothing to write home about.  Save your money and hit up Stingray or Geisha during their happy hour. Or, head on over to Sushi Brokers or Sushi on Shea in North Scottsdale but don't waste your $$$ at Sushi Roku. It's totally not worth the over priced menu!
I went to Sushi Roku for the first time last night because I had purchased a Groupon for $40 dinner. I'm probably never coming back.  We ordered: -Edamame hummus with wonton chips (not so good.. bland.. weird texture) - Mackerel sashimi 4 pc (best thing we had) - Eel and avocado roll (2nd best but very average) - Shrimp tempura with asparagus (less than average, not crunchy at all) - Crunchy tuna roll with avocado (TERRIBLE. It was NOT crunchy, it was MUSHY) - Peach saketini (I enjoyed this).   The best part about dinner was the mackerel sashimi.  Our waiter told us to look on the first page of the menu because those items were 'the freshest'.. made me nervous. Is everything else not as fresh??  Service from the sushi chefs was great. Service from the waiter was awful. He didn't come up to us for nearly AN HOUR. We waited for our check for 15 minutes after I asked for it. There were only 4 parties in the whole restaurant.  Had I not had a coupon, I would not have gone and I'll probably never come back. There are TONS of sushi places in the Phoenix area that are much better and cheaper.   Aesthetically, the bar is set up nicely. The sushi bar has a neat tree centerpiece. But the hostesses look like trash and the waiters are too busy huddled in a corner to notice their parties.
It's a good thing I had plenty of alcohol during and prior to my arrival here.   If you are under the influence of mind numbing liquids, you will not realize terrible service and bland food.   The second time I went there, I was starving. I would like to thank the waiter who just kept walking by, as he had NOTHING else to do, NOBODY else to serve. He kept himself busy by walking up and down and passing me by. I wonder if he had mental telepathy and knew that I was starving. I'm glad that I had the freedom to just walk out before I ordered anything this time.  Only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because it was a clean place and convenient since I was staying at the W hotel.
Expected an amazing experience... Was a bit let down. Sushi was ok - but not creative at all. Was trying not to compare, but the sushi at Virago in Nashville is leaps and bounds better (try the Ecuador roll!). Server was pushy and annoying. Was glad to get out of there and get to the "Living Room" at our hotel - the W Scottsdale where Sushi Roku resides.    Tip: if you stay at the W you get a card for a free "appetizer tasting" at sushi roku. This ended up being just an amuse from the chef that they "took off the bill" because of the card we received - and after lots of questions about what we liked and didn't like - 2 meatballs came out as the amuse. That is NOT an appetizer tasting experience - it was an amuse - which in nashville means super cool thing a chef makes that is free and makes you happy. NOT the same at Sushi Roku. Left me disappointed.
I rarely give one star; however, this dining experience was one of four bad ones. Having given this a chance over and over, I'm throwing Sushi Roku under the bus.  Three of the four times I've dined here, the drinks came after the food.  The front staff are friendly but some of the staff was down-right rude. I've worked in the service industry for years and cannot believe the attitudes of the servers.  One of the servers lied to us and told us they were out of pitchers because she didn't want to sell $15.00 pitchers.  The manager actually admitted that she lied and there were plenty of pitchers.  She also lied on our tab and took advantage of a large table who would have tipped more than 30% had she been honest and courteous.  The food I would rate, okay.  I find that they don't use the best ingredients and inexpensive soy sauces, etc.    I would definitely not recommend this place to anyone.  If you want bad service in a convenient W Hotel location, go for it, but Roka Akor far surpasses Sushi Roku.
Love the W but don't love that this is where I had to eat breakfast when i was there for my stay-cation.  Don't get me wrong, the Eggs Benny are fantastic and the sushi is too, but the pricing is eye-popping-high and the service "yokunai desu!!"  Kind of expect a jacket-required/reservation needed for their Shibuya style high prices but maybe they want to weed out the $ 30k millionaires.  Um, we're not in Tokyo anymore, Toto.  Since there are no other options when dining at the W, I will have to admit, I will probably be back, but not by choice.
What's sad about this review is that my husband and I never even tried the food! We went on a busy Saturday night and were fine with the 45 minute wait. However, after an hour my husband asked the hostess how much longer for the wait and we were told our seats were given to one of their regular customers! How do they expect to gain new regular customers this way?  We had money to spend!!  We were offered a round of free drinks, and after waiting so long, we decided to give it another try. We were suckers like that. When we finally got our table, we noticed a bunch of other empty tables all around us. We received our menus, and the waiter never came back! We waited an additional 10 minutes and I had to leave before I threw a tantrum. I have to say, in all my years of eating out, this was definitely the worst experience I've ever had, I'll never be back and I have informed all I know how horrible this place treats potential customers.
So I usually try not to eat sushi in cities so far from the coast. But we came here for my bachelorette party because one of my friends has celiacs and can't eat gluten anything. So Japanese tends to be safest for her.  The sushi wasn't bad.. I didn't get sick so thats a plus! I did venture into some raw fish and it was okay. Not fresh like what you get in SF.. but okay. But really.. for the price, I'd never go back.. its super expensive for what you get. And my teeny bottle of sake was double what it would have been at a restaurant in SF (and triple just buying it at a store).  The staff was nice, everything looked pretty. But two stars because I have experienced better.. a lot and I will probably never go back.
Happy hour from 5-6:30? What's the point?!
Eh, was somewhat disappointed at the food really. It seemed like the chef over tried when dishes came out. Sometimes less IS more and that wasn't a part of the restaurant that day.  I'll go again for another chance though :)
Swanky looking place inside the W Hotel --- ooooh...ahhhhh!  Let's check out the exotic cars parked outside -- ooooooh...ahhhhh!   Let's try out the food............ ..... ..... ..... ..... ..... .....  Pretty cool place to hangout if I wanted to be seen with cool crowd I guess (my mom said I was cool....) I didn't think their sushi and rolls were to too exciting. I guess they had to please the crowd and what's hip and cool.  The only thing exotic is parked outside, not on the menu.  Pretty basic and mediocre at best. Nothing I haven't seen.   Service was good overall and attentive.  Ambience is like a lounge and smooth.  I felt like I back in Hollywood Blvd hanging at Katana's. - Enjoy
Came here for lunch today. Was a little disappointed in the service and food. The restaurant is connected to the W Hotel in Scottsdale, great location. The interior of the restaurant is really nice and modern. As for the service, the waitress took about 15 minutes to come by the table to get our drink order. Once she did, it took another 10 minutes for us to get our drinks. We then ordered the food. She brought out the first order of suchi and had forgotten to bring our edamame for our appetizer. We then asked her for it. Then she brought out another dish and forgot half of it. We then sat for another 15 minutes before any other food came out. I asked the waitress what was taking so long (since there was only 2 others tables in the entire restaurant), she said that everyone was ordering sushi and they were busy. That wasn't the brightest response because 1 we are at a sushi restaurant, so of course people will be ordering sushi, 2 she only had 3 tables to wait on. Once we did get our sushi, the rolls fell a apart. So it just seemed as though everything was just not up to par, especially for the amount of money you pay.   As for the food itself, we had the following:  Spicy Tuna hand roll Softshell Crab Roll Rock Shrimp Jalapeno Roll Cucumber Roll Kobe Skewer  The food itself wasn't bad, it was more of the experience that wasn't great.
I'll admit I went here out of convenience, 100%. I was staying at the W for a conference, needed to get some work done, so I got takeout and took it up to my room. I got three pretty straightforward items: edamame, yellowtail sashimi with diced chiles (supposedly a "specialty of the house"), and the tuna jalapeno hand roll - and was underwhelmed with all of them.   The texture of the edamame was off on about half of the pods I got - grainy and not moist at all. The pieces that were prepared well were actually delicious, with just the right amount of salt. But WTH, why was half of it wonky?   The yellowtail sashimi was completely overpowered by the sauce it was covered in. Don't get me wrong, the flavors were good, just completely imbalanced. Way too much sauce, and somehow, something with diced chiles didn't even have a hint of spice to it. The yellowtail was sliced so thin that it was unrecognizable even as fish, and the sauce effectively cooked it. This is a dish I particularly love, that my favorite sushi restaurant at home serves perfectly, so I was very disappointed.  These two dishes behind me, I move on to my tuna jalapeno roll. Based on its name, I'm expecting a very clean, crisp roll. When I open the box, I am accosted with huge dollops of spicy mayo on top of each piece. I dab it off so that the roll looks vaguely appetizing, if a bit smeared. I've never tasted a roll so bland in all my life. Apparently that's why it was swimming in mayo - to give it some flavor. Also, it was supposed to come with toro, but they were out of toro and subbed regular tuna, but charged me the same. Toro is a lot more expensive than regular tuna, so I wasn't thrilled about that, but I was expensing dinner, so the cost was really didn't matter.   That said, if I was actually spending my own money, I definitely would not spend it here. Yeah, I'm not from Arizona, I've always lived by some water, so maybe this is the best you can do here, but I really doubt it.
I talked this place up to my friend and was extremely embarrassed I brought him here. We arrived late on a Tuesday night and it wasn't very busy. The waitress told us there were no tables available and told us we had to sit at the sushi bar. There were several tables available so I have no idea why she made us sit there. I noticed that the menu changed and asked the sushi chef if they had a certain roll I used to order all the time and he said they've never had a roll like that before with an attitude. We place our order and the waiter forgot about a shrimp entree I ordered and didn't even apologize or offer to make up for it. I have always had amazing service here maybe it was an off night or maybe they changed management either way I'm not coming back.
Wish we had tried this restaurant for dinner instead of dashing in for breakfast.  It is conveniently located and promoted within W Hotel.  However, we did...  Other hotel guests were here, but the breakfast was just awful.    Muffins laced with preservatives and sticky, like the ones you find at convenience stores.  Bacon stiff as a dead stiff.  Redneck toast - skinny, white, and tasteless.  Service was rushed and inattentive.  Except for the beautiful surroundings, this is a place that is unredeemable for American breakfast.
Management is awful. I do not recommend this place.
Since I live in Florida I'm a little spoiled with good sushi quality. I didn't feel this restaurant had great sushi and it was extremely overpriced.
Overpriced sushi, underwhelming small portion specialties, and arrogant, W-type servers. A scene for some (skanky women and douchey men in trucker hats), overpriced hotel food for most.
Awful service. Stated couldn't split a 6 person check because he couldn't remember what each of us ordered.. When we labeled them for him still got it wrong. Manager was no help stated that he just wanted us in and out and he didn't even apologize for the issue plus HE was wearing diamond earrings with a tux. If I want to go to a nice restaurant and have a $300 bill I shouldn't have to deal with bad service and will take my business elsewhere.
I wish I could say something. Anything. But, all I got is nothing, because that's what I got before I left the most craptastic table known to mankind.  I never heard of this place before until a friend suggested that I go because they were having their 5 year anniversary special. If I liked it, my job was to report back to my entire sorority so they could try it out on another day and we would be a group of happy fatties. If I didn't, at least I didn't pay full price. My sister and I were pumped to go as it would be a new experience in Old Town. My phone was charged; I was gonna take an ungodly amount of photos of my food. I called to make reservations and they told me that they had limited tables and I would be at a high-top table. I'm not usually one for such seating but I understood that they would be packed so I took it with joy and excitement.  I got there early and checked-in with the hostess who said that my table was ready and all they had to do was clean it. You know the feeling when they lead you to a table next to the kitchen entrance, the bathroom, or some reckless child throwing spaghetti who needs to be tied up Silence of the Lambs style? Well, let me challenge that.  They had moved a high-top table from the bar area into the lit walkway where everyone walked in and out, but pushed it toward the wall where there was absolutely no light. I thought Cornish Pasty was dark, but where it was placed, I needed to turn my phone on just to talk to my sister across the little 2 ft. wide table. You could tell that a table wasn't supposed to be put there because well ... it was a walkway. If a party of more than 4 was coming through, one of us would definitely be bumped into. It only had 2 chairs, 2 settings but I reserved for 3. They said they knew and would set it up, even though I looked and the table was already clean and set? We waited for about 20 minutes and finally hunger overtook my sister who got up and asked if we could sit down. They told the same excuse to us they told everyone else 'We're waiting for some tables to move." My hopes for a better table soared like an American Eagle, but not another second longer did they shut down my dreams like the government. They pointed to the same table, and we awkwardly sat down ... while my boyfriend stood up waiting for the chair they still hadn't placed. There were at least 4 employees standing at the hostess podium, 2 feet away, just walking around my boyfriend like he had suddenly turned into stone.   The chair came 5 minutes later, but only because of my boyfriend's invisible yet oh so intense laser beam eyes gored into the back of their heads. No menus were given to us the entire time we sat. Once again, we are sitting so close to the hostess podium, I could play patty-cake with them. Then we waited until our server came, who immediately told us that we couldn't sit there if we were just waiting for a table, and that we would have to excuse ourselves to the bar area.   That was pretty much the last straw. Not even cheap Chili's would give this kind of rude service. My sister told her that we were her table but we were leaving. I walked the 2 steps over to the 4 hosts who looked baffled as to why we was leaving, but even a 3 year old watching Dora could have figured it out quicker than them.  We left and walked over to HiFi disgruntled, but even there we got better service even with the unwanted boobies all up in our faces.   Basically, I am appalled at what happened. I understand that you're packed with such an awesome special going on but lord did they over-estimate the crowd, taking reservations when they shouldn't have, giving tables to customers that not even a cave troll would deserve, and the lack of communication between the front of the house and the dining floor. People go out of their way to try new places and if you can't be organized without being blinded by profit, why should we as customers waste gas just to be shafted. We left so frustrated and sad, not even getting the slightest chance to try anything that we had drooled over previously through Yelp photos. Not even a freaking glass of water.
Came here for a birthday party of about 20 people.  The sashimi was so small I ate all 4 pieces in one bite.  After that disappointment I got my sushi.  I got the jalepeno roll.  Wasn't very spicy.  All in all average sushi.  This was a birthday party for 3 people I will add and by the time they brought out the birthday cake over half the party had left as we had finished our meal about an hour prior and there was only a handful of people left.  At the end of the night the wait staff tried to charge us all for items we didn't order which included $65 dollars in bottled water.  After we disagreed we asked to speak to a manager who shrugged the whole thing off and walked off during our conversation (possibly to admire his over priced suit in the mirror) leaving us wondering what the outcome was.  About 20 minutes later we decided to finally leave.  Not paying for overpriced bottled water.  This place is probably perfect for you if you want to get drunk and go upstairs and listen to horrible dance music after a average to below average meal
The menu had some really great looking things on it but the actual food didn't deliver.  We had...  1.  Filet wrapped asparagus - some of the lowest quality filet meat (if it really was filet) I have ever had.  So chewy and fatty that I had to spit out several pieces.  Kind of awkward when the server picks up your cloth napkin and a bunch of chewed up meat balls come flying out of it onto the table.  2.  Albacore sushi - tasted very fishy.  That's all I have to say about that.  3.  Eel and avocado roll - eel was fishy and chewy (kind of a mix between and the filet and albacore)...the rice was hard.  4.  Chicken stuffed peppers - extremely salty and oily.  5.  Truffle oil edamame - excellent!  6.  Green tea - excellent!    The atmosphere is great and it's connected to the W hotel so there is some fun people watching but don't count on good sushi.
Food was ok nothing spectacular for the price. The Vegas roll was not on the menu but the chef made it for us. I do admit that was nice and it was a good roll. The specialty drinks were good as well. We were here for a friends bday and this is when it went downhill. It took 15 minutes to receive our drinks, it took so long we would order our second round before even finishing our first. Our server rarely came around and was not very educated. Sadly I am giving them two stars not for the food but for the service we received. With paying that much for a meal/drinks I expect much more then what sushi roku provided. I do not think I will be back.
Oh where do I begin ...  So we arrive -- 10 min before our reservation time of 9p. We didn't get seated until 40 min after the hour. To be squeezed in a booth -- set up for 6. Although our party is of 7. Asked for an additional place setting 2x before received.  The waiter, an underaged looking young man, id's us after getting our drink order, and takes 15-20 min to return with said drinks. And serves us tap water after clearly stating bottled.  The food... Sushi- subpar... The entrees- burnt... He said it was "smoked" ... Yea no, it's burned buddy. Drinks - weak! The people... So, this woman has her child.. Yes child ...  sitting at the table with underwear and no shoes and she's making out with this gentleman while her child is damn near naked. (Side eye) Shall I say.. Never again!
Was recently there for a friends birthday party.  The portions were very small and expensive.  I order the grill chicken as the entre, Lets just say as an avid griller theirs was no comparison to mine, There was no taste to it had no spices or anything, they grilled aplain piece of chicken and covered it in cheap teriyaki sauce, as for the mashed potatos they were plain too, seemed to be fake potatos not real ones no flavor or spices, they also had grilled asperagus on the plate too, also plain no flavor.. To top it all off I was forced to pay 20% gratuity for avaerage service.
The crunchy tuna was mushy so I decided to go with an even easier dish, chicken fried rice. It was over seasoned with so much pepper but some how some pieces got none of the seasoning and was burnt. They even over poured on my mixed liquor causing me to miss out on all the mango and spice that my Mango and Spice Was supposed to have. I gave this 2 stars because the service was top notch but the place was pretty empty. I won't be back anytime soon.
$1.65/ oz. for salad.  I bought a pear and gorgonzola salad to go. Price: $7.04.  I was shocked at how small the salad was and complained. They could do "nothing" about it.   When I got back to my office, I weighed the salad.  With paper plate, plastic cover, and the small plastic container of dressing on the side .....  7.2 ounces.  When I had finished the salad I weighed the plate, etc. They came to exactly 3 ounces. So the actual salad weighed 4.2 ounces.  That comes to about $1.65/ounce.  A ripoff.
Pizza here is too salty and oily.  They don't really do less cheese when asked.  Plus expensive - personal pizza plus very plain side salad = $18!  I do appreciate the soy cheese, soy burger and whole wheat crust.  And the folks are very nice.  But the pizza quality could be better.  Plus, better hot sauce!  All they have is some runny mildly hot stuff.  What is pizza without Sriracha?
eh.  bad service.  One night my family and I went in about 40 mins until closing, and boy did they look UNHAPPY! Seriously though..40 mins til closing time and they couldn't muster up a semi-sincere greeting. Whatever.   I can't even remember the pizza.
Glass they gave me for my wine was way dirty. When I asked for a clean one he could not find one. He had to make one by whiping it out. Then I had to pour my wine in as he did not replace the wine. The dueling tvs were annoying also.   Pizza was interesting but a bit too greasy
My colleague and I went here for lunch.  I've had their 2 pizza combo before and it was good.  This time I ordered the meatball sub and my buddy ordered the calzone.   Forget about it!  I mean really, I wish I could forget about this visit!  First my meatball sub was lousy.  Maybe I'm comparing it too much to ANY place back east, but this sandwich was weak on the meatballs, weak on the sauce and weak on taste.   My buddy's calzone came out ice cold.  When he sent it back, they were really confused why and didn't know what to do.  So they put it back in the oven.  When it was ready, they put a thermometer in it and then displayed it to him.  How the heck is he suppose to know what temperature it should be?!  To top it off, it didn't look or taste like anything special.  Plus in another indication that they don't know how to serve anything other than "gourmet" pizza, the side of marinara sauce he got was ICE COLD.    Service was VERY slow and the staff was not very helpful or knowledgeable.    Stick with the pizza.
Deserves its place at the bottom of your Yellow pages listing for Pizza. Wishing it were "ZZZ Pizza".  --slices on display better suited for a museum of ancient antiquity; --a FRESHLY made pizza (oh HELL, you didn't think I was gonna let you serve me that faded crap I coulda found in the corner of my little brother's dorm room, did you?!!!), two beers and a small salad for $50???!!! several four letter words come to mind, just for you. --finished dough little better than a microwaved Starbuck's panini. --greasy crust wishes it could rise to deserve a Peter Piper Pizza box.  --BLARING commercial TV (yes, that means commercials) invades your attempt at conversation while... --staff stand idly doing nothing. --unclean restrooms make you wonder how clean the kitchen is.  shame on all of you (no, not you, YOU. yeah you know who you are) who told me I _have_ to try Z Pizza: you really need to try this great restaurant nearby called "Diamonds".
Z Pizza you are nothing special.  Rubbery salty crust.  Your whole pizza is merely so so and your slices border on abysmal.  Staff didn't seem to care if I was there or not.  The owner was there and that was more important than my late lunch order.  Ok you're organic.  Guess what?  I don't care.  When I want pizza I don't want to feel like I am making a healthy compromise.  I only want something tasty and unhealthy.  That's why I'm eating pizza instead of a salad.    Ok you have gluten free options.  The only thing sadder than that is a fat kid with no money staring at a bakery counter.    I don't buy your hype.  Your food is so so at best.  I will continue to order elsewhere.
Sadly Z Pizza is currently the best slice in downtown. It's "just fine" pizza and they have reasonably priced daily slice specials.  Take note: This place gets some serious lines during the weekday lunch periods (proof enough these are the best slices in the vicinity).
Honestly Dominoes may be better. Pizza was bland and the chicken wings were soggy.  The bread sticks were good but overall I wouldn't eat there again.  Sorry Z Pizza.
Garbage.. All if these reviews are people that like vegan organic gluten free pizza.. Show me the meat and cheese!!
FOOD TASTE/QUALITY:  Okay SETTING:  Nice - outside and inside seating, downtown, great location PRICE:  Outrageous   X-LARGE 1 topping pizza (Pepperoni):  $22  I live right near by.  I'd love it if this place had even fair pricing.  But the pizza is okay to good, if I'm feeling generous, and it's 2x the price I'd expect.  Despite the convenience, I just won't pay the price.  It's packed at lunch.  Great lunch specials for the working crowd downtown.  At night, it does a fair business, mostly to people downtown for sporting events or at the nearby Orpheum theater.  Maybe people just don't care about getting gouged.  But they've got to get realistic on pizza prices.  Especially for carryout, at night.
I can think of no reason to go back here other than proximity to downtown.
Here's a nice story for you. I've ordered pizzas online through zpizza in the past, so they had my contact information. They sent me an email containing a coupon for one free pizza on my birthday, which was coming up shortly. I went in to redeem my coupon later on a weeknight. One of the two employees working at the time told me that since the coupon came from their corporate office in California, I would have to go there to receive my free pizza. What a jackass. He was a young, hipster-looking guy. Pretty sure he was wearing a backwards baseball cap.  LOCATION: Only good thing about the place, it's downtown. Good atmosphere. PRICE: Too high for everything. Pizza's expensive, beer's expensive. SERVICE: Did you read my story above? Every other employee has been pleasant, but this guy really made me angry.   I cannot recommend zpizza because of the terrible experience I had there. I steer all of my friends away from this place. Better experience at Brooklyn's NYC Pizza or the new place that just opened up, I forget the name. Both are located a couple blocks from zpizza at 2nd Street and Washington.
I ordered 2 times from that place and got lazy service, late delivery and cold pizza and I do not recommend that place
I have really loved z pizza in the past, but the last two times I have been quoted a delivery time and it has taken twice as long, over an hour and a half both times. The first time I thought it was a fluke so I gave it another chance and the same thing happened. We will be eating delivery pizza from pizza a metro from now on. Same quality pizza and much better customer service.
Trapped downtown on a Sunday and not much open but this.  I ate my meal which is about all I can say.  Staff is indifferent to whomever is in the building (and you will get all kinds!) and the pizza and pasta are mediocre at best.  But hey; what else is open?
I really wanted to like this place. I was a first time customer and my lady had been before. I ordered a beer, which was definitely good, but I also ordered the calzone which was not good at all. I asked for sauce on the side, but it was filled with sauce. I don't love chunky sauce, so I use it sparingly. With it inside it was almost a waste. When I got to the middle it was cold. I was so disgusted by the entire experience. My lady told me to send it back, but we were in a hurry and didn't have time to wait for another. Nice location, bad product this time.
I've had their pizza before and it's not bad, so I ordered for lunch, and now I am sad.  I ordered at 11:20 and about 15 min later got a call they they didn't have part of what I wanted but I decided to have them just bring what they did and take the rest off my card, which they did. 20 min after that I got an email saying my pizza was ready and out for delivery. 30 min later I called to ask where my pizza was and if, having been out for 30 min already, it would be cold when it arrived. The woman on the phone responded of course not as if my question was stupid. 10 min later, a full 40 min after it was sent out for delivery, it finally arrived. I asked again if my pizza had really been out for 40 min and the guy looked at me like I was asking a stupid question and assured me it'd only been sitting around for 30 min, not 40. Sadly, my pizza arrived cold, as I feared.   From start to finish it took 1.5 hours to bring me half my order, a cold, over priced, personal sized pizza and my concerns were met with...well nothing. I wont be ordering again, not when there are 20 different options close by where I can get better service.
ALERT ALERT!!! the food here has made me sick  with food poisoning twice now. the second time 06/30/14 i had to go to the st josephs emergency room. bad  creepy attitude from the night employee courtney or casey.  i believe she tampered with my food. the manager dave is an absolute disgusting human being. noone willingly apologized, very reluctant to give refund. i do not recommend to anyone!!!! - Registered Nurse
We visited Indulge on their 3rd day open. They weren't overly busy but the kitchen was obviously backed up. We arrived at nearly 1pm and there was a lady at the counter complaining about waiting 45 minutes and not having received her meal. We decided to try it anyway. There was no hostess at the hostess stand (and no bar tender at the bar) so we proceeded to a counter that was stocked with clipboards containing menus. We stand at the counter, fill out the menus and after several minutes are finally told we could seat ourselves. After sitting down it's several more minutes before someone stops by to take our drink order. After waiting too long for the waitress to come back, we finally give up and take our orders directly to counter. At this point I start my stop watch. 25 minutes pass and our fries arrive; 10 minutes after that our burgers arrive. It was very interesting that we all received "mostly" what we ordered... of the 4 people at the table, everyone's burger was slightly wrong -- mismatched toppings and sauces. We now understood the motto on the back of the servers' shirts, "order what you want - eat what you get".   While Indulge has a decent location, is nicely decorated, and provides an interesting menu concept they don't yet have their process working well. Unfortunately, even if the process was working well I think their menu is overpriced for what you get. $13.50 for a small Kobe burger with no sides is a bit steep for this type of restaurant. If they're still there in a couple months I may try again, but then again, maybe not.
Lunch at Indulge. A Kobe burger, french fries and onion strings.  $19.70. Not worth it. My friends agreed.  It is good, but I have had better. And for that much, it should be better.   They do have a variety; veggie burgers, turkey burgers and Kobe beef, french fries, sweet potato fries, onion strings, deep fried dill pickles (dickles). You can also build your own burger and they have a full bar with beer on tap.  The ambiance is decent, modern decor, and a friendly staff.  The only thing that blew me away about Indulge was my bill.
I do not understand why everyone and their mother is opening up trendy burger places.  Actually, I think I'm going to open one up on Scottsdale Road and Shea and charge about $15 for a dry and tasteless burger.  Oh wait, there already is a place there called Indulge Burger.  Anyway, here is my Indulge Burger experience:  The place was pretty crowded on this Tuesday evening at about 6:30.  Upon seating they gave us a small plate of their garlic and parmesan chips, gratis.  The menu is strait forward and simple and I like that you can just check off what you want like when you order sushi.  There were plenty of options to choose from including different burger toppings and sauces which looked interesting.  Anyway, to start I split a ceasar salad.  It was almost big enough for 2 people, but the salad was not good and I probably shouldn't have ordered it.  Now onto the burger....    First off, I was going to indulge and splurge on a $14 Kobe burger, but I guess a lot of other suckers came in that day so they were out of it.  So, I decided on the regular beef instead.  I ordered the 2/3rd pound version ($10.75) with gyuere cheese (included), grilled onions (included), roasted green chili peppers (included), and sauteed mushrooms ($0.99).  I got this all on a bed of lettuce instead of a bun.  We also got one order of regular fries and one order of sweet potato fries to share.  The other 2 members of my party ordered similar burgers as well as a few different dipping sauces.  I must admit that the burger looked very good when it came out.  However, when I actually tasted the thing and the toppings, it was a much different story.  The meat was dry and almost tasteless and the onions, chilies and mushrooms all tasted like they had just come out of a can.  The sweet potato fries were ok, but the regular fries were excellent.  Also, most of the dipping sauces were tasty, but just don't belong on burgers and fries.   The food arrived very slowly and drink refills took forever.  I don't really blame the waiter/waitress because the place was busy and they looked understaffed.  However, they were very friendly and helpful.  It was about $50ish dollars for all 3 of us to eat and we all felt raped for spending so much on a few burgers.  With places like Delux out there I can see no reason to return to Indulge Burger.
I really wish I would have read the other reviews before getting take out from here!  It is very clean and cute but when the food is not good who cares how nice the restaurant is...?  My burger was missing the cactus ranch sauce so it was dry.  Besides being very dry it was extremely bland.    I will not eat here again!  If I wanted tasteless food I would eat at my mother-in-law's house.
Control freaks seeking relief from the sweltering heat in pursuit of some good grub.  That epithet pretty much described my party of four on a blistering, 112-degree day last summer, after a wearying tour on foot of nearby Taliesin West.   Frank Lloyd Wright's Scottsdale digs were supremely envisioned and constructed, a conscious antidote to mediocrity and thoughtless development. It was with a heightened sense of the possible that the four of us descended on Indulge -- outfitted as a trendy, suburban roadhouse, though it anchors, along with a bank and a BevMo, one of Scottsdale's ubiquitous soulless shopping centers -- that sweltering afternoon to build our own thoughtful tributes to the master architect: juicy, individualized, belly-busting burgers, washed down with tall, cold libations.  The drinks didn't disapoint: a strong margarita, a shimmering pint of Shock Top hefeweizen, and two big glasses of lemonade were quickly dispatched to our table, and they saved us from certain dehydration. From there, things went nowhere special.  We ordered four burgers, each differently cloaked. The burger-topping checklist promised so much, yet delivered so little. Juilenned carrot strips were dry and lifeless. The ginger-tinged peanut sauce served on the side was a gloopy mess. Pineapple rings were canned and bland. The bottom of my toasted wheat bun was soggy, probably the result of toasting it too soon, while the top was untoasted.   The one burger served on a salad was a letdown. Big thick wheels of underripe beefsteak tomatoes and watery iceberg lettuce undergirded the well-cooked medium-rare burger, providing a solid architectural foundation, but at the expense of any discernable taste.   The lone bright spot was the fries: crisp, piping hot, perfectly salted, and served in a trendy conical basket with a big messy plop of tasty ketchup -- now THAT's what I'm talking about! Greasy heaven, courtesy of a few humble potatoes and some hot oil.   The meat is decent, and the fries are a revelation, but the decidedly mediocre ingredients in the sides and sauces and salads were a profound disappointment.  Amping up the mediocrity was the abominable pop music pervading the joint. I must be deeply indebted to the karma creditors. Otherwise, why would I have to suffer yet another meal in the company of Phil Collins and Lionel Richie?  For anyone fortunate enough to find themselves in LA or on the south side of Denver, get to the Counter, where you can build your own burger with great ingredients and music that elevates, not imprisons, your spirit.
Burger - ordered the Kobe.  Looked and tasted the same as the regular burger. hmmmm.  Don' t spend the extra $3.50. Toppings - good.  If it wasn't for the mustard there would have been no taste.  Don't they know how to season in this town? Fries - typical cardboard, preprocessed, chemically altered, shitsticks from a bag.  If they ain't hand cut and fresh - don't bother. Milkshake - good and thick but made with less expensive ice cream. Service - juvenile; no silverware until after the food showed. Overall - don't waste the calories here.
I really wanted to enjoy my experience at Indulge, but didn't. From the website, local magazine reviews, and driving by, I expected it to be a slightly upscale neighborhood joint, but it really is no different than a Fuddruckers. We were underwhelmed by the food and hated the environment. Two of us built our own burgers, and one ordered a pre-made pick off the menu. We had the dill chips (fried pickles) as an appetizer. I can't say that any of us loved our meal, and as soon as we walked out we all agreed we weren't interested in going back. It was just no better than you could make at home (and I burn soup).   The tables were crowded, too close together, and the place was uncomfortably noisy. Our servers were trying to clear plates as soon as one of us set down a fork (no one was waiting for our table), and asked for our dessert orders while we were still eating.  The whole experience was rushed, loud, uncomfortable, and not "indulging" in any way. I'm so disappointed.
Started out well, parmasean potato chips were yummy. The it went down hill fast. Fries and onion straws were luke warm and laden with grease. Burgers are definitely frozen and not fresh. Concept is cute but quality is poor. Save your money.
I hate to give a place that offers homemade veggie burgers two stars, but that's all I could muster. The service was very friendly, and the complimentary homemade potato chips were good. The onion rings were sliced a little thinly, which made them limp and not quite qualified as finger food. The black bean burgers really didn't hold together well at all. They really would have been better off wrapping them in a tortilla and calling them burritos. And over $31 for two burgers, a shared side, and two iced teas is pretty steep. You can eat the same quality and quantity of food, with much less fat, at Chipotle for half the price.
I first went to Indulge because it was near my apartment.  My friend and I went during happy hour and it was very slow so we got great service from the bartender.  He explained the menu and made suggestions.  I was teetering on the decision of a regular burger or a veggie burger, and he convinced me to try the veggie.  WORST DECISION EVER!  This is not a veggie burger!  It is SLOP!  It was a pile of mashed beans on a bun.  No texture, not taste (except for bean), and definitely not satisfied.  I do have to give them credit for the fried pickles and french fries, YUM YUM!  The potato chips that were given as a snack tasted a bit burnt and unappetizing after trying a couple. After this horrible veggie burger experience, we decided to go back to after purchasing the groupon.  I wish I had saved it for a later date because the service may have been the worst (or very close to it) I've ever had.  As a server myself, I'm more lenient on other servers in the weeds.  But this guy was not hustling at all.  It bothers me when there doesn't seem to be anyone concerned with customer service.  The vesuvius juicy lucy was lacking, but everything else tasted good.  Consequently, I doubt we'd be returning ever again.  Sorry Indulge.  I hate to see locally owned places go down in flames.
Overpriced food and not even made very well.  Burger was overcooked, shake was devoid of ice cream, just meh.  However, I can say I received superb service from a server named Joe who was friendly and most helpful.  Unfortunately, other than sitting outside which I loved, everything else was just meh.
I have been twice - the second time I was giving them another change with a Groupon, but both times I have come away disappointed.  I like being able to chose exactly what to have on my burger, so I like the concept of Indulge.  I also love Kobe burgers, which you do not get everywhere - however, this kobe burger did not taste any different from a regular burger may have been better.  Also, the burger was not cooked enough.  The fries that come with the kobe burger are nothing special for an upscale burger joint.  I do like the chips you get when you first sit down - they are addictive, but twice now we have been disappointed with the quality, so we will not be back - even with a Groupon,
I was really looking forward to eating here.  Tucked away in a strip mall behind a Denny's. Nice patio area facing a parking lot.  The choices for the burgers were really good. The sauce that came with the sweet potato fries was good. Our burgers were both overcooked. The most dissapointing thing though was that the bun was nothing more than a store bought hamburger but. Sorry, but if you are spending $15 on a burger at least make it a good bun.
The Grind. Zinburger. Delux... Those are some of the best burgers I've found here in the Valley.  Indulge isnt one of them. Not by a long shot.  The menu boasts natural, hormone free beef, and you can build your own burger with various buns, cheeses, sauces, meats and toppings. However, if the cook cannot deliver a burger ordered medium temperature, why bother with the bragging?  Seriously...both burgers were well done, dry and tasteless..  Skip this place and head towards Camelback Road in East Phoenix...the best burgers inthe valley are there, not here...
Indulge is clearly trying. They have great service and decent ambiance. But damned if those burgers aren't mediocre.  Considering that the only places that open in the Valley anymore are gourmet burger joints or wood-fired pizza kitchens, you've gotta do something to stand out. Indulge's attempt is the Vesuvius Volcanic, a grand name for some melted cheese inside a beef patty. Based on the description and safety warnings, I thought I'd get blasted with molten cheese when i cut into the thing, but it just oozed out. And yes, I realize that could be mistake for euphemism.  I ended up eating it with a fork, which was not all that fun.  (Note to every burger/wood-fired pizza joint in the region: Shocktop and Landshark are NOT microbrews, no matter what Peter King says.)
I have one word to describe the burgers here "FLAVORLESS."   I had a local dines coupon and was looking forward to enjoying a great burger.  I was very disappointed.   I ordered the Vesuvius Volcanic burger and advised the food server I would like it cooked well done. The Vesuvius burger has cheese in the center that oozes out when you bite in.  I couldn't wait to try it.  However, it came out medium rare.  Pure red in most of the burger.   They took it back and offered to cook me another one but I ended up ordering a "build your own" burger.  The second burger was cooked correctly with the correct toppings.   In each bite of the burger I kept waiting for the great burger flavor to explode in my mouth but it never happened.   The other person in my party felt the same way.  They also ordered the "build your own" burger.   We also ordered the "1/2 and 1/2" which is half onion strings and half fries.   They were greasy and cold.   We observed many burgers and other food items just sitting on the line.   It appears they have no food runner.  This is probably why the food is cold.   The only reason I didn't give it one star is the food server was polite even though we had a problem with our burger.  I would not return.
I have one word to describe Indulge...BLAAAAAH!  service was super slow and the burger was so so.  There are many many better options for a burger in The Valley.  Don't waste your time or money here.
Mediocre at best.  After being told we would have a 20-25 minute wait, we waited over 45 minutes.  Ok, we could manage that even though we were starving.  We sat down and it was 15 minutes before our server came to take our drink order, then didn't come back with the drinks for another 15  minutes.  Getting our food was another 45 minutes.  What should have been no more than 2 hours ended up being over 3 hrs.  While the concept is great, and the food was good, it certainly isn't worth the prices.  My bill for 4 burgers, 3 drinks and an order of fries was $65, not including a tip.  If I wouldn't have used my $30 groupon I would have been extremely upset.  I could manage the prices if the service wasn't so horrendous.  I won't be back.
Cool combination possibilities however, this place is way over rated and way over priced.  I'd choose a burger from Five Guys or In and out before I would go to this place again.
Food is good but the service is slow.   Didn't care too much for the outside seating either.
ORIGINAL REVIEW(SEE BELOW FOR REVISIT): Disappointed, extremely. Terrible food and terrible service. Nice looking, but definitely not returning. We got there a little before happy hour, were seated quickly and asked the server what the specials were. She showed us the board above the bar that said Landshark. We decided to order a 24 ouncer to share until happy hour. She came back and said they were out so we ordered a Shock Top instead. We both ordered Kobe style burgers and mine order came out wrong, not kobe. They sent it back, got the right order back pretty quickly, except missing my roasted peppers (which were not roasted, but tiny pieces in a dressing cup) and french fries.  Both of our burgers were very dry and flavorless, not what you'd expect from a place that specializes in burgers. We actually put quite a bit a salt to try and get some flavor out of it.  We told the server we would have two more Shock Tops IF we could get them at the happy hour special price (since they didn't have the main beer they promote available). She said okay, she was sure she could do that. We got the bill and she did not give us the special on the beers we asked for.  She said she could get the manager but he wouldn't do anything, so we said forget it, paid the bill and left, won't be back. Honestly, if the burgers were as amazing as we expected them to be, we wouldn't have made a bit of a stink about the beers.  Good luck staying in business when you have very poor service AND very poor food.  REVIEW AFTER SECOND VISIT: I was contacted by the owner, Lee, who had seen my review (above) to give it a second shot.  His business is his passion and wants to make sure everyone who visits has a great meal as well as great service every time. We decided to give it another shot and it was a complete turn around.  The service was impeccable and the burgers were better. Laura was there to take care of all our needs.  Whatever we requested, i.e., make the fries that come with the kobe style burger, cheddar cheese chili style was done.  We did have to add a little salt and pepper, but they were much juicer this time.  The green chili on the burger is delicious!  I would say because the food was better and everyone involved truly cared that we were dissatisfied, we will be making return visits in the future.  Thank you Lee, Laura and Kyle (very nice bartender) for treating us as, well, pretty much like royalty.  We look forward to returning and sharing this experience with our friends.
I and my Wife, dined here this evening.      I felt, the pricing is a bit over the top.      The burgers were somewhat-OK ....... not the fantastic ...... I was expecting.            For the price ....... I would of expected the burgers ..... to be hand formed. The burgers were not dry ....... just not juicy.                  The tables that seat two individuals, are TO SMALL ........ barely room for the plates.  OUR server ......was a Young person ...  who spent her time in the backroom.                            So our srevice was  Mediocre.                    Overall I was disappointed with our experience.  My Ethics .... My Standards: Every business starts with one star ...... GETTING MORE .... HAS TO BE EARNED.
Spent like $30.00 for a couple burgers and left very hungry..all that money and the burgers didn't even come with fries, also..servers were young and never around much..I had to get up twice myself and pour myself more water..they better do better than this charging these kind of prices in this economy.
Let me start by saying I am a burger FIEND. It's probably my favorite food, of all time.  I placed an order to pick up. The guy on the phone sounded nice, and when I got there, he came right to the counter and greeted me. He was speedy in taking my money too. The time to pick up was great, 15 minutes, just enough time for me to get there. I got there, and the place was packed. This + the reviews made me think I made the right choice.  Onto the food, I ordered the Original Cheddar Burger, with bacon. My boyfriend got the same thing, only supposedly Gluten-Free and without the bacon. I got the 1/2 & 1/2 with regular fries and onion strings. The onion strings were good, but how can you mess those up?  The burgers: For starters, I ordered both of them MEDIUM, but they were very visibly WELL DONE. Not to mention DRY! My boyfriend didn't even finish his (and he is far from picky) and felt the same as when he eats a glutenous burger. I would compare the burger itself to something similar to Whataburger/Carl's Jr/Rally's. Better than McDonald's, but not a real burger. Too bad, I've been on a hunt to find Scottsdale's Best Cheeseburger.
I was really excited to finally try Indulge Burgers after having purchased a gift certificate from restaurant.com.  I live quite far away, so we happen to be near the restaurant, we jumped at the opportunity.   It's a nice enough place.  I didn't expect it to have a full bar, which is always a plus.  I ordered the carmel apple martini.  Does that sound good to you guys?  Well, it's not!  At $8 for a drink at a burger joint, it could at the very least have been cold.  The different flavors clashed.  I would never order that again. You have the option to order already a signature burger or build your own.  My husband tried the burger with peanut butter in the cheese.  PEANUT BUTTER!  I didn't care for it.  He didn't think it was too bad, but wouldn't come back for it.  I did the build your own burger as did my daughter.  We shared an order of chili cheese fries which were really really good!  My son had the slider's kid meal.  I'm not in love with the place.  Thankfully I had the $25 gift cert, but even with $25 off it still cost us about $50.  That's way too much for a burger joint and a Meh experience.
03/14/12  I had a couple of groupons to use up, so on this visit I decided to try Indulge's chili-and-cheese fries, their chili (to go), and their adult coffee milkshake.  The fries came out fast, and even though they were very greasy (as to be expected), the few crispy bites I had were sufficient while I waited for my to-go burgers to arrive.  (I ended up throwing out 4/5 of the fries entree.)  Some of the burgers I'd ordered were missing some toppings (cheese and other toppings I chose by checking those boxes on the order forms the server hands you to fill out), and of the four burgers I asked to be cooked medium, three were actually either medium-well or well-done.  (The only one cooked to medium was the burger I had tried at the restaurant.)  The best part of my experience here today was the coffee milkshake!  It was made with vanilla ice cream, Adult chocolate milk (you may buy a bottle at Bev Mo or Total Wine, I'm told), coffee, and Kahlua, and it's only $8.   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bk4FIHt8ODRBPfqL4Fd2aQ?select=PGuZSDEwBBFrORLlSgEz7g  I say skip the burgers and apps here and just go for a milkshake!  I had the feeling that Indulge (and the staff) do not appreciate their guests that use groupons.  My server was initially helpful with my questions, but when it finally dawned on her that I was using a groupon, the initial warm service turned definitely chilly.  And why not?  She was guaranteed to make around 18-20% tip (around $20 for a pre-tax food value of around $109)!    http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bk4FIHt8ODRBPfqL4Fd2aQ?select=9RBD09ksq3s1RfxZVIRvnQ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bk4FIHt8ODRBPfqL4Fd2aQ?select=uKfvo5vvQcd6JzoJPeLpNQ  03/16/12  I had one more groupon to use, so I met a friend here for dinner, and somewhat reluctantly at that, since I knew the service wasn't going be anything special.  (And I was right!  Even my friend made an observation, "I don't think our server likes me very much."  I told him later it's bec. she knew she was going to make an easy $20...)  The deal came with a couple of apps, four burgers, and a bottle of wine, so we placed our order for the burgers, and I chose sweet potato fries (to go), as well as the Mac 'n cheese app, but not before I asked our server (the same one I had two days ago) if I could order the side of mac 'n cheese as an app (it fell within the price specification for the apps included in the groupon deal).  Our server said yes.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bk4FIHt8ODRBPfqL4Fd2aQ?select=ygY8t5CvOJsB_aHFQUyvrg  Turned out, the dish wasn't included in the deal, so I still had to choose another app to take home (the parmesan chips that used to be complimentary, and that which I had mentioned in my first Indulge review).  The burgers we had at the restaurant were good, even though mine came out medium-well, instead of medium.  The other two burgers I took to-go were medium-well (I specified medium), but at least these weren't missing any toppings this time.  (Funny how I was reduced to counting my lucky stars on having *some* of the order specifications heeded when ALL should've been guaranteed as per the order sheet filled out...)  I won't be returning to Indulge anymore, as I did not appreciate the less-than-above-average guest service and sub-par food given on these two visits.  I don't know why some businesses that participate in these groupon events end up offering less-than-stellar service and products when I know they can do so much better.  The goal is to bring in and develop a larger fan/customer base, so this is when you should shine!  I used to understand why businesses added the gratuity (to keep the servers from being under-tipped), but I usually tip 20% (and even much more if the service was over-and-above what I expected), but to see my hard-earned money greedily taken while my guest and I end up with sub-par service AND products, it makes me sick to further recommend this establishment to others.  From four stars to one... I have aunts and a cousin who enjoyed their food here a long time ago, but I won't be taking them, nor anyone else, here again!!
When this please first opened it was good, but they have gone downhill since the beginning.  Plus there are way more better burgers places than indulge.  This place the prices are too high for the food you get and the burgers are nothing to write home about, very boring.  Yes they have buffalo but so does most other places.  Yes they have a gluten free menu but so does many other places.  The turkey burger and the buffalo burgers we tried were boring and dry.  Plus the sweet potatoe fries tasted like them came out of a bag rather than being made from scratch.  We will not be returning, they are no longer a good value and the food is not longer great but boring.
I work in the food industry and have no issue to pay 10 dollars for a great burger, while sitting at the bar the gentlemen next to me was not happy about the price, it happens. I ordered to go and when I got home and my wife and I ate our burger I saw why the gentleman at the bar was not happy.  Guys have you ever seen salt and pepper helps bring out flavor when you order a med burger and pay 10 dollars for it make sure it is med not well done. If I wanted a well done burger I would go to the golden arches as their well done is better than yours and they suck. When your main item is burgers you have to get it correct or you will not be around long and if they continue to serve the dry tasteless burgers that I received I don't see you been around   Would never go back yuk yuk yuk
Decent service, over-priced un-inspiring food quality.
Very disappointing with food and service. Ordered their standard burger and server delivered us the wrong plates. Drop and run without asking us for anything else or describing the dish. After we switched plates I had ordered MR and came out M-MW but moreover the meat was just really bland and void of flavor. The burger had like a 1/4 head of lettuce on it too I guess to give it a vertical volume perception. Server never said what the red lumpy sauce on the side was either and when I finally had to call him over to ask if it had sugar in it as I'm diabetic he said no but it sure tasted as if it did.   The worst part was some server dumped ketchup all down the back of my shirt and then just walked away leaving me there with a huge red splatter on my back. She literally just walked away. About a minute later a girl comes by and says "someone will be by to clean you off in a little bit." What!?!?!? Now I understand that mistakes will happen but to leave me hanging there like that and just walk away was not cool. No manager visit and no apology from anyone about the spill or ruining my shirt.   What really pissed me off though, was the gaggle of servers who gathered near the soda machine and all started laughing and giggling about my misfortune. That was seriously not cool. Of course no manager visit as no manager was seen and the service in this restaurant reflects that lack of leadership. Crappy service and bland food - will never return.
My girlfriend does not eat gluten so we decided to try Indulge for lunch as they had a very extensive gluten free menu. I had every intention on buying a carnivore burger, however decided to try a veggie burger instead. If the name of the restaurant has "BURGER" in it, I am assuming a burger of the veggie variety would be fine as well. I even asked the server if it was a good veggie burger or if I should order something else, she said "We have VERY good veggie burgers...." Cough, riiiiight.    Our server was very prompt and friendly and suggested, if we were going to order fries off the gluten free menu, we should do so early as they take longer to prepare, so we ordered them in advance(baked not fried).  She came back to take our actual order and not 3 minutes later brought out the fries before the burgers. Ok, a bit early, fine by me. The fries were soft in many places and burnt in others. I thought there were, "MEH", my girlfriend thought they were gross.   A little while later my veggie burger was served! - a shriveled up cow-pie slapped between two buns with leaf of lettuce and onion perched on top. A pickle and some carrot shreds garnished the plate. The server saw my confused expression and said, "Oh we don't put anything on the veggie burger, but if you want some ketchup or mustard?" Seriously? No aioli? No spread? No hummus? or anything to damped down this dried up patty of cardboard?!  I ate half of it, primarily because it kept falling apart (nothing was used as a binder apparently), I had to eat it with a fork, but a spoon would have been better. It was so bad, I would have prefered one of those frozen Bocca or Morning Star veggie patties. For $9 it was such a joke.   My girlfriend's gluten free burger was a $12 burger on a salad. She asked for guacamole and asked if she should write it on the "build your own burger" menu pad they give you. The server said, "nope I will remember." Guess who forgot the guac. Her burger looked lackluster and somehow a dill pickle on a salad seemed wrong.   Frankly, I'd rather Indulge elsewhere.
Marshmallow sauce for the sweet potatoe fries was very unique. (Dessert with a meal)! I had the cheddar cheese burger.  Girlfriend had the grilled turkey. Both were OK, but it certainly doesn't match the quality of a Smashburger or Fuddruckers.  I'm glad I had the Yelp coupon-both meals for $20 with tip.  That was still overpriced for the quality. There are SO many REALLY GOOD burger places around for the prices they are asking.
Good service, clean resturant. Skip the garden salad. The burger was mediocre at best.
Horrible. Truly one of the worst burgers I've ever eaten. Tasteless and over priced.  Paper thin bacon. Nothing impressive. The fries were good, but not hot. The burger was over cooked and came out of the kitchen way to fast, I've had fast food burgers take longer to get. Makes me wonder? No return visit for me.
Another Groupon casualty.  We went there to have dinner the other day and saw that it was closed.  That's too bad.  I think Groupon did them in...they always had deals out there, how could they make any profits?  Return Factor - 0%
Pass! One of the most tasteless burgers I've eaten. Overpriced for what I received. I've had better at fast food. Not worth it.
Another new business for Goodyear. It has been open a few weeks I believe.  This is a less elaborately set restaurant than others in the chain. This is not to say there is anything wrong with the building or its dcor, just nothing special. At the moment it is the only business on the south east corner of Bullard and McDowell.   We had made a reservation for 7:30 PM. Saturday. When w e arrived there were several parties waiting, in fact it was overflow in the waiting area. Telling the hostess that we had an reservation we were seated right away, which often does not happen.   The young lady serving us was right on for drinks of which were served quickly. She had a very pleasant smile and demeanor.   We ordered Chicken Lettuce Wraps along with Salt & Pepper Calamari for our starters.  The wraps were tasty and the Calamari was excessively salty.  Soup was also ordered it was the Hot and Sour. This had no spark. The flavour was flat and much too much corn flower for thickening.   Four different entrees were ordered, Cantonese Chow Fun, Sichuan Shrimp, Lemon Chicken and Crispy Honey Chicken. The Chow Fun was listless and lacking any discernable flavour, this too could be said about the Shrimp while the Lemon Chicken was pretty rout, nothing special and the crispy chicken was not crispy. The only dish with a proper serving was the Chow Fun, but since none was really great it did not matter. None of the mains were hot, all served at very close to room temperature.   Although the service was pleasant it was quite slow after the drinks were brought which might account for the temperature of the food.   Right now writing about it and thinking that what we got was sub par and too much money for product I doubt we will be going back.   Beijing just up the road is much better.
The saying, "Don't go away mad, just go away" comes to mind. Having dined here several times I concluded it wouldn't even be worth a complaint to mgmt. Regulars at this location seem just too blissfully ignorant.  Hints: P.F Changs food is supposed to taste good. It's a chain that attracts people who know how to appear in public, don't wish they were at the beer garden instead, and have already learned how to feed infants in public. Tipping them upside down and shoving a bottle in the mouth while they squirm makes you look retarded.  If the thought of any of the above interests you, go for it.
I had to drop it down to 2 stars.  The food was the same quality, but they do not bring out big bowls of white and brown rice anymore.  They brought out 5 small bowls of rice when there are 7 of us.  Are we suppose to share or have our individual bowls?    We had our usuals: 2 chicken fried rice - ok 2 mongolian beef - good 2 chicken chow mein - good 2 crispy honey chicken - good 1 orange peel chicken - meh... 1 spicy chicken - too spicy for me, but the group said it was good  Main reason for the 2 stars was the service SUCKED!  We had to literally get our servers attention for anything (refills, more rice, togo boxes, etc.).  We waited 15 mins for our server to pick up the check, he never showed!  So we handed it off to other server and asked if she can help us.  He came back to the table only the times we can grab he attention.  We were always out of drinks.  I have not had that BAD of a service in a long time.  I will not come back on my own, but if the family wants to then they can drag me along (kicking and screaming).
Horrible, horrible service.  I'll start off by saying this was our last shot at giving PF Chang our business because of a horrible dining experience the last time we dined in.  We got there right at the start of dinner service.  There was no wait but the two of us started the night's waiting list.  We were told 5 minutes.  We were seated in the foyer and watched 12 customers leave after eating.  12!  Were we seated?  Nope.  We watched about 20-25 more people come in and get on the list before we were finally seated after a 20 minute wait.  I even asked the hostess how much longer and she replied with a "snippy" answer that we were next.  Really?  We were next?  I think we could have figured that out since we were the first ones on the list.  Waitress was very friendly but the service was atrocious.  We ordered a bottle of wine which took a while to get to us.  When it did, my wine glass was disgusting.  It took 7 minutes to get a new glass.  Seriously?  7 minutes for a glass?  My wife and I ordered the dinner for two which includes soup for each.  Lo and behold, my soup spoon had some brown stuff crusted on it.  Had to wait, wait, wait for the waitress to return.  She was no where in sight.  Not in the dining room anyway.  Didn't take as long to get a new spoon and she did apologize.  The food arrived in a reasonable time and it was good.  Soup, crab wontons, sesame chicken, sweet and sour pork.  It was decent.  But it was all delivered by food runners.  When it came time for dessert, we sat there and waited almost another 10 minutes for her to bring the dessert tray by and show us what they had.    I think you can figured by now how long it took to get the bill and then to get the check to sign.  We got there shortly after 5 pm and didn't get out of there until 7:30!  ?????     To sum up, food = okay.  Service = TERRIBLE!!!!!!
Still blah after all this time.
I can sum this one up in one word: BLAND. We got two appetizers and two entrees. The appetizers tasted okay. Crab wontons and egg rolls, I think they were.  The entrees were BLAND. One of them was a chicken something. I can't remember because it was a few months ago (I have a toddler and am 7 months prego and I am slightly behind in my reviewing duties.) but it had NO flavor to it. They give you several weird sauces, but I am a little leery of mixing sauces into my dish and not knowing how spicy, etc. it is going to come out. But, that entree was BLAH and BLAND. My husband even said "this has no flavor" before the words had a chance to come out of my mouth.  The other thing we ordered was Mongolian beef. It was served with green onions. The dish that came out of the kitchen was COVERED with green onions. We thought it was a plate of green beans, but NO. It was ONIONS. Seriously? They should call it Mongolian Onions flavored with a few pieces of beef. AND, the beef was bland too. (We didn't bother eating the piles of onions.) Also they sat us at a tiny table near the kitchen. Not too bright considering our kid is in a high chair and in the way of all the servers walking by. Totally not worth it for the $75 we had to pay. We won't waste our time or money going back there.
Bad bad service!! We just walked out because the hostess gave us attitude for wanting a booth. 8/12/12 12:45pm
We were seated promptly, but waited 10 to 15 minutes before flagging down someone and asked her if she could send our wait person over. It turned out she ended up taking our table. She was ok-not super fast or overly friendly but efficient enough. The food was average- compared to some of the other PF Changs I've been to.  The  vegetables were tough and the overall quality was just not there. I'll go back to PF Changs, but not this one. It took forever to pay too-very annoying.
Went to eat dinner here tonight, Sunday, January 27, 2013 but left before we could get seated. Over 50% of the seating was empty but there were about 20 of was waiting to get seated. It would not have been a problem if the staff had a sense of urgency, but they were slow to seat people. We waited at least 10 minutes before we decided to leave and there were still people ahead if us waiting to get a table. We did not all come at the same time either, the customers were staggered on arrival time. The staff just didn't want to seat people when they walked in, they just took names. We asked if the problem was if they were short staffed and she never really answered, however, it did not appear that they were. They just didn't want to sit tables at the same time. We would have been happy sitting at a table with a drink and menu while we waited on a server. The food is not that good (edpecially for the price) at PF Chang's to begin with, so, we left. Won't be back...ever.
I am not sure why they were having people to wait to be seated but they had at least 18 of us waiting for over 15 minutes. There were only 2 in our party. We left, so not sure how much longer it would have been. I could easily see 9 tables open. Maybe not enough staff. The speed they were seating the ones that eventually got seated was uncalled for. The manager stood near the front podium and never once helped to seat or check in people. Maybe slipping them money would have helped but they are far from being that type of restaurant. We weren't the only ones who left, too many better options around worth waiting for.
Grouchy staff.
I've eaten at the Sahara location and been satisfied with Sammy's before.  This being my first visit to this location I expected around the same enjoyment.  Let me start by saying the service and the restaurant were both excellent.  Clean restaurant that wasn't cluttered and had a great overall ambiance.  The menu had several choices and for a woodfire pizza place certain items seemed out of place.  A lot of seafood and greek style apps.  "Tapas" had a spot on the menu and consisted of things like Artichoke dip and Edamame??? Ok, not Firefly tapas for sure but still small plates... I guess.  The woodfire pizza that stuck out to me was the prosciutto.  At Settebello its my favorite so I figured I would compare.  No comparison needed, Settebello's prosciutto kills what I just ate.  The pizza wasn't terrible but it wasn't great in the same sense.  Little chunks of prosciutto and an over abundance of artichoke and green onion to mask the flavor of the prosciutto.  Also, if you look and the photo I uploaded you can tell there are way too many green onions on a couple of pieces than others.  For those movie fans out there, you all know from Casino with De Niro and Pesci "you need an equal amount of blueberries in each muffin" hahaha.  Overall, just didn't stick out as a place I would ever return to for pizza and its in the freakin name of the restaurant.... come on!!!
Went to Sammy's on a Friday around 5 p.m. It wasn't too busy and was seated fairly quickly.  That's about it, no waiter ever came around to greet us, get our drinks or our order.  We waited about 15 minutes watching all the other tables get served except ours.  I will not ever come back to this place again! Poor Service.
We love the place and are regulars. The service is always good and the atmosphere always nice. So I gave it 2 stars because of the new gluten free crust, not so bueno.
I really wanted to LOVE this place, but it just didn't cut the mustard, twice!  My first trip in memory was about a month ago to this location during late lunch.  The place was fairly empty, but the waitress was abrupt and seemed to be in a hurry.  I was in no hurry, as I was dining and catching up with a dear friend.  I felt rushed to order my food and didn't get a great look at the menu.  We started with the hummus, which was some of the best hummus I've ever had.  It was light though on the flat bread.  A clear uneven match of pita bread to the large hummus dish.  I would normally requested more, but I was too busy chit-chatting and had plenty of my main dish to eat, anyways.  I was torn between a salad and the pizza, and went with the pizza since the place is called wood fired pizza.  I went with the Tuscan and was warned by the waitress that it is topped with arugula.  I normally have no problems with arugula, so I was not deterred.  My friend got one of her known favorites, the chopped chicken salad.  Maybe I should have tried her salad instead of the pizza, since she raved about it and it looked delish.  My pizza came out and was a soggy mess.  The arugula was not chopped or cooked really and overtook the pizza.  Probably wouldn't have been so bad if the entire non-edge part of the pizza wasn't soggy.  It was also a semi-strange flavor.  I won't contribute the flavor to not liking that type of veggie pizza because it is the type I order at many other restaurants.  My husband also got the margarita pizza at another Sammy's a different day and it was also a soggy mess.  On another trip to another Sammy's I decided to try the salad, since my friend's was so wonderful the previous trip.  This time I went with the Balsamic Grilled Chicken salad, and I was, again, unimpressed.  I don't want to say I give up on Sammy's since the menu has soo many other great sounding dishes, but I have thus far been unimpressed.  On my list to try at Sammy's is the Greek salad, the Lobster Bisque, the chopped pepperoni salad, and maybe the grilled shrimp tacos.  I won't be in any hurry to try the pizzas again though.
I've been to this Sammy's location a few times now, and every time it's the same mediocre experience.  It takes 10 minutes just to choose something from the monstrous menu, and by the end of the experience, only my hunger is satisfied. I don't know about you, but I usually go to a restaurant for more than just filling my gut.  Let me explain.  The Sammy's menu doesn't seem to know what it wants to be.  Yes, their main draw is pizza, and they dedicate an entire page to this noble cause.  But then you flip the page, and they have a bunch of tapas dishes.  Okay... I don't get it, but I'll go along.  Then you flip the next page, and there's full-on entree dishes with no clear theme.  I know that variety is good, but I also expect some cohesion among your menu items.  For me, it just makes the decision process difficult.  Nothing stands out among the random dishes.  As for the execution of the food, I've never had a memorable experience here.  I was hungry when I came in, and now I'm not.  Hunger has been quelled, and that's about it.  I've tried the flatbread pizza (bbq chicken, maybe?) and oak roasted chicken with asparagus.  I've tried something else, but I don't remember (and I usually remember what I eat).   It's a decent atmosphere for business luncheons, but I wouldn't choose it on my own dime.
I heard a lot about this place. I wasn't impressed.  I have for sure had better.  For the price it just wasn't that special. I thought my pizza was a bit too greasy. I know the pizza is wood fired but when the whole bottom is black there is a problem. The outer crust looked perfect the the bottom was just not the same. I had just 1 beverage the whole time and never got a refill. I felt the server was too overwhelmed to pay attention to our table. I brought it to the managers attention who simply replied back with "we get busy and it just happens". When it comes to pizza this place doesn't cut it for me.
Alright. I am giving this place the benefit of 2 stars when it was a 1.5 star experience. First, our waiter was inattentive--no refills at all, didn't come by to check on us after he delivered our food, and nary a smile in sight.   I should have stuck with the pizza or salad--what I had initially wanted until I saw a Tequila-Lime Chicken Fettucine. Always looking for inventive dishes, I made up my mind quickly and ordered that. When it arrived it had zero flavor and was sitting in a puddle of oil--usually meaning the sauce had separated because it was not fresh. I cannot stress enough how much this tasted like nothing: not tequila, not lime, not really even the oil it was bathing in. I was really disappointed.  My aunt ordered a Greek salad--slightly more flavorful, but really lacking the true "Greek-ness" I would like in a salad. The winner of the afternoon, and what I should have ordered, was the pizza that my cousin ordered. Just a plain cheese and pretty flavorful, though what is going on with the crust? I dunno, it seemed, again, lacking in flavor.   Having never been to Sammy's and not really even knowing it existed until today, I am really not impressed. I found it truly gross and disappointing. I liked the decor--it was clean and didn't seem like it was in a strip mall. But I will not be back to this or any Sammy's.
Medicore food at best. I had the Kobe Beef sliders and my hubby had the hawaiian pizza. My sliders tasted lke cheap cafeteria meat but the fries were good. Hubby said he had better pizza at pizza hut. The service was ok. Our waitress was a bit flirty for my taste and the manager who was cleaning tables kep staring at us like we stole something. Not impressed! This military family "Will not return"...!!!
Meh. We were looking for food out by my grandparent's place in the Vegas outskirts. They wanted Pizza Hut, but the rest of us wanted something "better". Wood-fired pizza sounded like it'd hit the spot.  Upon being seated we were presented with our low-contrast menus. The low light--unnecessary for a pizza joint even if it's supposed to be "fancy"--made them almost impossible to read. The options looked good enough: normal "meat" pies, pies with arugula and balsamic, bbq chicken... we got one of each. I got some pot stickers because I had a feeling that "gourmet" meant "small".  The potstickers were of the previously-frozen variety (I know, what should I expect from potstickers from a pizza joint) and were tasty, but nothing I couldn't have gotten from Trader Joe's. The pizzas were better than previously-frozen quality, but they were like that guy in the bar trying so hard to be cool but just looked like a dick. The crust was fine but did not have much of a "wood fired" flavor. The toppings were ok, but nothing really wowed us.  Our server tried to be friendly, but like everything else at this place seemed a bit awkward and out of place. The ambient noise--a feature of the tile floors and solid walls more than anything actually going on--made it difficult for us to hear each other, further frustrating the situation.  I can't believe I'm recommending Chili's, but it *is* across the parking lot from this place and you know what you're getting...
Never had bad food or service but that was not the case at this location.   Went in today for lunch. Ordered the Spicy Thai Chicken Salad and tea.   The server brought us our drinks but not all together. With very little ice, it was the only tea I drank, never asked about a refill.   We had to ask for a bread basket, which the flat bread was burnt. I'm surprised it was served to us, I know the guy dishing it out could tell, not sure why he still put it on the plate.   My salad came - appeared nice. Unfortunately the chicken was dry and there was no spice. The dressing is like a sour viniagrette, no kick there or really that much flavor.. then after digging into the salad, notice a lot of the lettuce had better days earlier that week.   Finally saw the server again, we asked for the bill.  Will try it out again, most likely another location.
If your going to have pizza in your name, do it right. For that price on a personal pizza it's not worth it. Staff is nice and clean environment, but we won't return.
First visit after hearing rave reviews about the place. We went here for dinner on a busy Friday night.  Which is great as this shows how service is when they're jumping.  Husband had a pizza and liked it. Friends had pizza & salad and like them too.  I, on the other hand had the shrimp salad as an entre. I was told it was large and saw a few being served.  Sadly, there were only 5 (yes, 5) very, very small shrimp in a virtual jungle of greens.  I was hoping as the salad was an entre size, the protein would be substantial.  Wrong. I asked the server for a glass of ice and waited about 10 minutes when our meals were served to ask the manager serving if I could get a glass of ice.    Our group was thinking of ordering a kind of sundae to share, but it's served in a large wine glass and wouldn't be easy to share, I mentioned that it would be nice if we could get it in a bowl, but the waitress told us that's the way it was served.  period.  just didn't get it and did not offer to serve any other way. Also after using the facilities, I had to go and tell a manager that the ladies room was in need a check. I'm guessing the restrooms aren't checked too often.
Came here in hopes for a good dinner when I saw the average rating was 4 stars.  Ordered the hummus (too oily), balsamic chicken salad (drowning in dressing luckily chicken was savable), coconut shrimp (decent can't really mess up anything fried), fish tacos (blah, not worth ordering).  Although my dinner date believes this review deserves 3 stars, I defer not. He needs to get a yelp account and stop back seat yelping lol.  customer service needs to tighten up... it wasn't even busy.   Not for me.  Waste of money.
FIRST TIME PATRONS I was excited to dine here.  Right from the start I was impressed with the waitstaff!  We were seated right away and our server arrived promptly.  I noticed the advertisement for "The Happiest Hour" Daily 3-6 $2.00 off All beer and wine.  So I order a glass of wine.  The pizza we ordered was delicious, we had the Margherita and Garlic pizza .  We also ordered the cotton candy dessert to go.  When the check arrived it had $12.00 for the glass of wine.  When I inquired about it, our server said, "Oh I'm sorry I forgot to deduct $2.00 off".  COMPLETELY STUNNED I said "$10.00 for a glass of wine is not a "happy hour" price and if that's the case  then cancel the cotton candy."  Her response was quick and said she would comp the dessert. We walked out the door with a plastic shopping bag stuffed with Cotten candy and a check totaling $45.00 for 2 pizzas and a glass of wine.  Pathetic to say the least.  ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS AND WILL NOT BE RETURNING.
I was not impressed by this place...perhaps because pizza to me is pizza. Bread and sauce and toppings, it's the same to me. I guess I've been trying to look for a pizza that will blow me away. Apparently this place did not hit the spot. Just another plain jane in all the pizza I've had.  The waiter seemed quite aloof. I asked for bread and then 10 minutes passed and I had to ask again. Same to refilling the waters.  Pizza was pretty bland and not all impressed.
Stopped by mid afternoon on Sunday and ordered salad and cocktail. Food is good and enough to take home.  Only issue is male server kept calling me sweetie or sweet heart.  Which I noticed he did to all female guests.
I like chinese food. Why is it that I can't like this place?
This place just doesn't do it for me.  The food isn't bad, but it's definitely forgettable.  I just don't like being there, either.
A haiku, Ode to the Chang:  Waitress, bring me rice Cheap utilitarian  Wrong dish, take it back
After finishing my junk meal I walked 50 feet and lost $200 at a craps table.  That was more fun than eating at PF Changs.    I wouldn't eat here again for all the tea in China.
Thank goodness this meal was paid for with the expense account because it was basically a sit down Panda Express with fancy cocktails.   You know that taste you get in your mouth when you've eaten too much sweets... yeah, expect to get that after dinner here.
I didn't know Panda Express served food in porcelain plates.
Am i the only one for whom P.F. Chang's was ruined by one or more episodes of 'South Park'?  Actually, i'd never eaten at one until a recent trip to Vegas.  But all i could think of as i ate some chicken that attempted to make up for its lack of taste with absurdly unnecessary spiciness was what my couric output would be.  Disappointing in every regard.
My DH and I love PF Chang's! We got to the one in San Diego as well as visit any locations in cities we are visiting. We were excited to learn that there was a PF Chang's in the hotel we were staying!! I made reservations for Friday night (HIGHLY recommend reservations for the weekends)! The service was great as was their Pear Mojito, but the food was just okay. It didn't have the usual good flavor and only seemed to be luke warm. Also the garlic noodles were really on the rubbery side. I have to say we were pretty disappointed!
Okay last November me and my friends were in Vegas and we stayed at Imperial. We haven't been down the strip much yet so we decided to walk and tour the scrip and ended at PH. I really like PH and see a lot of younger crowds than other places. But anyways we were getting hungry so we though since we're here we can get PF Chang. So we went to PF Chang and had to wait about an hour before we got a table. The place is pretty nice with it's design and look very modern. There's an upstairs but I don't know if you're able to eat up there? Looks nice though.  Okay so we got a table and we decided to start off with Dumpling since the Dumpling I had at another PF Chang was really good. Also we ordered Hot & Sour soup. The dumpling turn out to be average and the soup tasted like...nothing. After we finish with that, I was hoping the food would be better because we're hungry. We ordered Pepper Steak, and Chicken with black bean sauce. Okay so the food came out, we were hungry and began to eat. Then, we all looked at each other like wtf? The Pepper Steak has no flavor at all, and the only flavor was the taste those small black pepper that's you're chewing on. The chicken was bad, but it's not as close as the Pepper Steak. Chicken doesn't have much flavor at all but at least it's more edible.   I can't believe they're in business, I swear this is the worst Chinese Food I'd ever ate. I've ate at PF Chang a few times before and it was decent so they either need a new chef or something because all of the food suck. You ever get that feeling after eating like not being satisfied and wondering if you even ate at all? That's how I felt leaving there like damn, I'm not satisfied and I'm not full. I would give it 2 stars because the place look nice and server was decent but the food is that bad I'm sorry.
Don't even know where to start with this place. Service isn't usually something that bothers me that much, I feel like the ambiance and the food are the most important factors. In this case, I just couldn't ignore the service (or lack there of). To begin, we had a reservation and still had to wait for a table (understandable, but still).   We are finally seated, given menus, and order our drinks and the lettuce wraps since we know already we are going to want that. At this point we hadn't ordered our main dishes yet.   So we browse the menu, and decide what we will have as main dish. Our waiter however, is no where to be seen. In fact, we couldn't even flag down another server to call our server. We wait and wait and wait, and he finally appears with our drinks. We order our main dishes, and one of the girls in our group asks for sugar. He leaves, and nothing. No sugar.   He comes back a long time later with our lettuce wraps and when my friend asks again for the sugar he says coldly "It is already on its way- I asked for it already." Woah there, way to be friendly! He also explains they only have one kitchen for two floors and that is why the food is taking so long. I'm sorry, that is not an excuse in my book. There are way bigger restaurants in New York City that are able to accommodate a big space with a full house.   Our food finally arrives, and our friend the waiter once again makes a snide remark when one of us ask for something. I understand you might be having a bad day, maybe lost your paycheck at the Blackjack table, but don't bring your problems to work, buddy!   The food itself was really good, we had Singapore Noodles which I kept serving myself more and more of. We also had the orange beef which was good but not my favorite, was slightly chewy. The black bean chicken was fantastic-- delicious! And of course you cannot go wrong with the lettuce wraps though we made a huge mess.   At the end, my lovely girlfriends had asked the waiter to bring out a Birthday Cake and even gave them candles they had previously purchased. Our dear friend walks out with the slice of cake with the candles, and proceeds to light the candles in front of our table and just drops it in front of us. The cake was pretty good, chocolate cake is my absolute fav, but the raspberry sauce was a bit too overpowering for me.   I definitely recommend going to one of PF Chang's other locations. I had a great time at the Atlantic City branch, complete opposite experience to the experience I had here. Get it together, PF Chang's!!!
We had PF Chang's take out while we were staying at PH. I liked that you could call ahead of time and pick it up to go back to your room, but that's about all I liked.  It took forever for them to make it. We went to pick it up like 10 min after it was supposed to be ready and ended up waiting another 20 or so. But to top it off, they got the order wrong. We called and they said they would make what we were supposed to have real quick an bring it up to us. After close to an hour, we had finished eating what we did have and called to check on our missing food. They told us it should be up to the room in 20. When we said to keep it and refund us, they got all hissy and basically asked us why did we ask them to remake it anyway. We said because you told us it would be up "real quick"..  Over all, the food was blah to mediocre (i would have rather had panda versus pay the price of that crap) and the service was horrible. Spare yourself and go to Panda Express. Same thing but you'll be able to throw $15 extra on the tables .
This particular location was not on par with other Chang's restaurants that I have eaten at. We ate here on a Thursday night about 9:30, busy but not unusually crowded. The service was extremely slow an disorganized (ex. Late arrival of setups, no appetizer dishes with appetizer, and entrees 45 minutes after seating).  My friend's Spicy Chicken was lukewarm and the rice cold, and my Citrus Soy Salmon was tough; all signs of food that had sat under heat lamps for too long. I suspect the restaurant's XO is not exactly on the ball about keeping large volumes of food moving quickly.  On the positive side, our complaints were dealt with courteously, and new entrees delivered in 7 minutes. If it weren't for this handling I would have given this experience one star.
I was a little buzzed when i was at the restaurant with my friends but i remember a good amount of my experience here.  The waitress was a little rude and seemed like she couldn't wait to get off work. I asked her about a the fried tofu to see if it was vegan and she just said no without any explanation or suggestions of any alternatives that are vegan. One of my friends wanted to know why it wasn't vegan so i asked and she replied with "because of the sugar." i looked at her confused and asked what she meant because sugar comes from sugar cane, a plant. she responded with a very condescending attitude as if i were stupid and said that the sugar came from animal bone. (Later on I looked up on my phone what she was talking about and they actually do use ingredients that are derived from bone char... gross) By this point i got really frustrated and changed my order to the buddha's feast which was truly vegan. The wait for our food was ridiculously long and i am not exaggerating because i had been drinking. My friends can also confirm that it took forever to receive our food. We were actually in a hurry to meet up with a friend to get into a club. Once the food arrived it was alright but it was literally steamed vegetables with small slices of tofu mixed in. I got bored of this very easily also. I had to order two sides of rice because steamed vegetables would not be enough for a long night of drinking and dancing..  Try something else on the strip, you can get p f chang's anywhere! I didn't find it to be anything special.
I sort of felt ambivalent about this place immediately after eating. The food was okay but not extraordinary. Though I should mention I am vegan, so I only had so many options. But if you don't eat meat, this is probably a good option in las Vegas, where I've found, options are quite limited. The lettuce wraps have a delicious filling, but they'd be better on romaine (not iceburg). The ma po tofu is a really big portion of both broccoli and spicyish orange sauce on crispy tofu; it's good but kind of heavy to attack by oneself. Everything is priced okay, but still, I wouldn't have gone here if it weren't for the terrible vegan options in Las Vegas.
What the eeF happened to this place!! Once upon a time it used to be good. Not so much anymore. Like Im never coming back anymore horrible. My food was soooo bad it was just hecka salty and soaked in soy. I made the waiter taste it and he damn near gagged. I gave this place another star just for the waiter being a trooper. be for warned tho. this PF changs is crap.
Rice was really dry so they brought out fresh rice, however they never should have served that awful rice in the first place. This one is not as good service as home in la/oc but what do you expect in Vegas
I used to be a huge fan of PF Chang's, but after my most recent visit to the Planet Hollywood location my views have drastically changed. As most people probably skip or skim very lengthy reviews, I'll try my best not to be too long winded.   In short: Skip this place unless you like RAW CHICKEN and poor service!   The full story: A group of us we to lunch here while on a Vegas trip for my friend's 29th birthday. The meal started off ok until a friend noticed that her chicken was completely raw on the inside. Not just a little pink, but RAW! it was basically seared chicken covered and concealed in sauce. UNACCEPTABLE.   To top if off, the manager was hardly accommodating. She did take a small percentage off of my friend's check, but in the end she was still charged for the inedible plate of raw chicken that she was served.   As we tried to move on from the upset, our server seemed to completely give up on pleasing us in any way. He dropped silverware on multiple members of our party, brought out a dirty dessert spoon for my friends birthday dessert, and then tried to cover it up by saying he had mixed a sauce with it. I'm sorry ... what?? You mixed sauce with a spoon, then brought it out for my friend to eat her birthday dessert with? Then please explain why there is dried brown food stuck to the spoon that you supposedly just mixed raspberry sauce with. We weren't buying it at all.   We left PF Chang's completely dissatisfied and praying that my friend would make it through the trip without getting sick from having eaten raw chicken. I'd give it NO stars if it were possible.  No thanks to the staff at PF Chang's and despite our lunch celebration being ruined, my friend was ok. Thank goodness!
Service was friendly. Noodles were overcooked. Seeing the kitchen workers slop food onto the prep plates like cafeteria workers was unappetizing. I think this kind of place should not have a view of the kitchen from outside while you're waiting for a table. Production line Chinese fusion done adequately.
PF Changs In Vegas Location: So the PF Changs where I live is absolutely GREAT! So you would think that all locations would posess the same state of mind when it comes to customer service!  WELL I thought absolutely wrong!! I have eaten at this location a few times in the past year but nothing compares to the experience I had here just this October.  We sat at the bar and it was early bout 2:00 and it was a lil busy but not overwhelming.  The bartender was sooo FREAKIN rude right from the start.  We sat there for literally 15 minutes before we were even acknowledged he would just walk right by us like we were ghosts! Not even a courtesy "I'll be right with you".  So were like watever right and then this couple walks in 20 mins later and sits right next to us and the same thing happenes to them, Well when the lady asked the bartender if she could just order a drink this is wat the rude bartender said "NO not right now...I'm only one person here!!"  I was shocked!!  And so was the lady!!  Of course I butt in and told him he shouldnt be so rude and then he just totally lost it.  I got up and went to speak with the manager but he didnt give a shit either!  I Love PF CHangs but I will NEVER step foot in this inconsiderate location again!!
I don't usually write reviews for restaurants, but I was really disatisfied with my experience at PF Chang's yesterday. I was especially pissed off by the bad service attitude of the waitress Stacy. First she messed up my order, and then tried to blame me for it. When the order was remade, it was awefully salty. After I got the bill, I told her that it was inedibly salty (I didn't eat 95% of the dish). I was just expressing my view and not looking to get it canceled on my bill or anything, but she just ignored me and picked up the dish and left. How about at least comforting the customer by saying "sorry, next time we will make it better". She just ignored me as if I am non-existent. Who the hell wants to eat at a restaurant where the waitress treats the customers like crap.  I have been to PF Chang's in different locations a good number of times and have always been satisfied with the food and service, except this time. I guess it's the waitress Stacy that ruined my experience at this PF Chang's at Planet Hollywood.
I eat at the PF Chang's in The District at least once a month and am huge fan of the menu at this chain. The service is usually top notch, but my experience at this location was worth yelping about.   The hostess decided to look at me after I stood in front of her for two minutes. She told me the wait would be 45 minutes. Since I was meeting a long time friend for a concert I didn't mind.....   We waited, waited, and waited some more. We ended up waiting over an hour and fifteen minutes! The hostess was rude when we went up to check on it. She made us feel bad for asking. When we were finally taken to our seats we had to wait a while for our waiter. I'm getting used to all of this waiting by now even though I am starting to get hunger pains. No big deal.   We order and the waiter comes out with the sauce. Don't they usually do the sauce spiel every time? Maybe I'm just spoiled and use to the good service at the GV location. Regardless, he just poured the sauce and left. When we got our food the rice was the exact opposite of sticky rice. In fact, it was hard and resembled uncooked rice! Unbelievable. The good news was that the Dan Dan Noodles were out of this world! The distinct flavor of the cucumber cut the heat from the chile paste perfectly. The waiter did not ask if we wanted them cut. The Mongolian Beef was also a big hit. The meal would not be complete without their famous lettuce wraps which were delicious as usual.   Overall I was satisfied with the food and the presentation minus the uncooked rice. It's PF Changs, who doesn't enjoy the food? The staff, however was really rude and unprofessional and my guest and I were highly put off by this. Next time I am at this hotel I am going to the sandwich shop and sticking to my PF Changs in Green Valley.
Service was mediocre.  Asked for the dishes to come out as they're ready, because we were starving...but the dishes came out together and a few were lukewarm.  Since the temperature was off, they didn't taste that great.   The interior is super-dark, in the afternoon, this was just annoying.    The only plus is that they offer mini-pastries.
Everything was SALTY!!! hot and sour soup, beef and broccoli..and worst dish of all was the pan fried noodles w/ beef. YUCK!
My fianc and I have eaten at various P.F. Chang's in the past. Overall we have been quite satisfied. However, I will forever regret my decision to try their chow fun. We have had this dish prepared at noodle houses and authentic Asian restaurants. Let me tell you, what P.F. Chang's is peddling is NOT chow fun. This stuff is nothing more than egg noodles, a few strips of meat and the slightest amount of flavoring; nothing like dish I am used to with delicious gravy, fresh vegetables and plenty of meat. To say the least, I was disappointed. My fianc loved her VIP Duck though. Also, the lettuce wraps, which we did not get this time, are always great. The duck and the wraps are the only reason I gave them 2 stars. If it were left to the chow fun they would have gotten -2 stars.
I was pretty put off by PF Chang's on my last visit. I am very sensative to spicy dishes and seeing that so many of the options were spicy was disappointing to me personally. I will admit some fault, I asked if the lemon chicken could be prepare not spicy, the waitress said "Yes" however when my meal came, it was spicy. I commented about it to the waitress and her comment was "no it's not" and did not even offer to get me an alternative dish. I was very disappointed by the lack of customer service.   I have been to PF Chang's before and while the food was good, I don't think it's better than most chinese food.
So, I went to this P.F Chang's for my birthday dinner this past Saturday with a group of seven people, including myself. I've been to a couple of different P.F Chang's around the valley and I always have a pretty good time. This time...not so good.   Our reservation was for 8:00p and I'm not going to lie, I am notorious for being late. By some birthday miracle, I made it to the place about two minutes after 8. I know, late is late, but when my boyfriend made the reservation they told him that ours would be given away if we were 10-15 minutes late...a little confusing, but whatever. We got our table just fine. Food and drinks were good as well.   Our waitress was nice, but she seemed aloof - which is not something I would hold against someone. What I did have a problem with is her whisking my food away that was barely touched. We were sitting in a U-shaped booth and I was turned to face the group to talk. I wasn't watching over my food(I didn't think I had to) and I had a couple of drinks, so I was definitely very into whatever I was talking about. I could understand that maybe she didn't want to interrupt me...personally, I would have preferred her doing that instead of just taking the food away without checking. My other friends weren't talking, so she could have asked them about it and they would have asked me. We spent $200 that night. That's a fortune to me and to leave with no leftovers when there was plenty....well, I consider THAT a dinner time atrocity. I know I should have said something then, but everyone was leaving so I didn't. I really should have because it's been bothering me! 9/10 times, I always eat my leftovers the next day. Wasting food is a huge pet peeve of mine...and in this situation it severely irks me because it was food that I was going to eat. Maybe a good solution would be to re-train that server and make sure all of the servers are on the same page.  A warning to all who choose to dine at P.F Chang's in Planet Hollywood: Make sure to keep a steady eye on your meal if you are like me and want to get the most for your money by taking the leftovers home.
I have never been a big fan of PF Chang's but the one in Vegas used to be better then the rest, the food seemed to have more flavor. I know its a large restaurant chain and you should get the same product no matter where you go but this one USED to be better. We we were seated our waitress let us know that they have had allot of changes. The staff was all polite, and we were seated quickly because we had a reservation (45 min wait without one so call ahead. We after we ordered our food came quickly and looking forward to my meal i was disappointed because i learned what all the changes had been on my first bight. This PF Chang's was now just like the other PF Chang's that i had been to not much flavor in the food ( if you are going to put a warning on the menu the the food is spicy make it spicy not bland. If you like other PF Chang's you will enjoy this one too if you like flavor in you food this is not the place for you.  Overpriced for what you get.
Worst pf changs I have ever been to. Sat down and the sauces were all over the plates (dirty), then when the soup comes out my bowl was not clean, and lastly as my mother was eating our lo Mein she pulled out a piece of paper!! GROSS!! At least the manager was nice enough to comp our meal, but at the same time insinuated we had put the piece of paper there??? Who knows. Just don't go there!!!
My wife  and  I have dinner here on my birthday. What a terrible food experience. The "beef with broccoli" was "extremely" SALTY and I had to tell tell the waitress. They took off  its cost of my bill. Both brown and white rice were very DRY !
I've eaten at PF Chang's a few times and it is always a C-.  I really didn't like any of the dishes I had this time and I think I have to remind myself that even when desperate and starving, I should find somewhere else to go.
Placed a take out order, and I MUST say , Their sucked. Fried rice was mushy and tasteless, grilled salmon was dry. In general, their food was Tasteless and greasy. This is like the 2nd time I had this experience with this restaurant, different location. The 1st was in a New jersey location (that was a dine in), 2nd and LAST was this las Vegas.
Absolutely AWFUL service.  We were originally told a wait time of 40 minutes, and this progressively grew throughout our wait. So after about 45 minutes of waiting, we asked again how much longer of a wait. At this point, we were told it would be about another fifteen minutes. 25 minutes after THAT, we asked again and were told it would be another 10-15 minutes.  At this point, people that were JUST walking through the door were being told they had a 15 minute wait....  WAIT GUESS: 40 min WAIT TOTAL: about an hour and a half  On top of this, the lady who was at the front desk should not be a front of house person, on top of having seriously bad time guessing skills (which is part of her job), she had horrid customer service skills.    The only positive was our waitress. She was great, very attentive!  While I am usually a PF Changs fan, I would NEVER give my hard earned money to this poorly run establishment.
PF Changs food is always good and consistant.  The lower rating was for the over crowded resturant with an extremely long wait.
I've most def had a better experience at other P.F. Chang's locations in CA. The service was bad, the waiter would forget about us. And the food was so hard to swallow mainly because it was so salty. It was a different taste than the ones here in LA, and I always order the same thing. The alcoholic drinks came fast, though. That's what earned them this extra star.
This is more of a general review of the chain itself, having eaten at two separate P.F. Chang's chain restaurants.   I think the food is so average that the prices are bizarre. Actually, some of it is below average, because it is so darn salty. I was with four other people, and we all ate the beef and broccoli, and it was so salty that we had to complain even though we didn't want to. The waitress insisted that that's how they normally make it and that we would have to inform them next time if we want it less salty. So, the waitress gave a newly cooked and less salty plate of beef and broccoli. You could barely taste the flavoring of all the dishes. I have had the kung pao shrimp twice, and it lacked any kind of spiciness. Not even a hint. The kung pao shrimp was also salty, as well as the sweet and sour soup. We did the dinner for two and for the amount of meat they give, the amount of rice is lacking.   I guess the pricey has to do with the high end appearance and up keep of the restaurant itself. It is nice and the servers are nice, but I definitely would not go there again. It's overrated and expensive.
Waited long time to be seated and they put us in the worst possible both just because we came with our 4 kids...it took the food hours to be served and there. We had the soup and after two bites i found a hair in mine...we told them to take it and they didn't even took it off the check at the end. The food consistency was poor - we ordered the same dish twice and one was really good while the other wasn't   In short - expected more and was very disappointed
Normally, I'm a fan of PF Changs. This experience was quite mediocre.   I guess it's because they will get tourists no matter if they're good or bad being on the strip. That is disappointing--I will highly recommend you go somewhere else. You have so many good restaurants in Las Vegas. Even Panda Express if you want Chinese-ish food down the street. If you have access to a car, head over to Chinatown for some good authentic food.  A few unforgiveables here--my tea was lukewarm. That's awful for any restaurant. No one served our soup--another thing that servers do even in the ghetto-ist of Chinese restaurants.... Our server was kind of a ditz as well.   Sigh... I know I will be back at PF Chang's. Just not this one.
I made reservations for 7pm.  When I arrived the hostess rudely told me I didn't have a reservation. No apology. No smile. Our server stepped on my husbands shoes and didn't say excuse me. The calamari was so salty I had to return it!
Horrible!  We waited for over an hour for 3 gluten free fried rice dishes and one other dish.  Finally had to ask to see the manager.  He was stunned we were waiting. Many, many other tables had come and gone.  Our waitress never once came to our table to talk about the wait.  The manager then claimed it was because we had gluten free.  We eat at PF Changs often. This was not a gluten free - takes an hour issue.  It was a bad waitress and cook staff issue!  Will not go back to this location ever!
It was okay I've been there before in California. I think this 1 is a little different for me sometimes depends on the location but I didn't really enjoy it Planet Hollywood. Get customer service but other than that I didn't really enjoy the food there. If it is a next time maybe I should try the 1 in Green Valley.
Service was NOT impressive! I asked for a corner table which was unoccupied, for my mom and myself, but the hostess said something about it not being available. The freaking row of tables there was empty!! After we were seated and placed our order. A couple came in and long and behold the hostess gave them the table I wanted! There was no reservation whatsoever at this place so WTF?????
GREAT WALL OF SALT  We came here late on a Saturday night, after a long day of work. We were starving and just needed food. PF Chang's would not have been my first choice but one of the guys in our group was vegetarian, so we had to play it safe.   We decided to sit outside and do some people watching, while we were waiting for our food and drinks. There was a lot of crazy action on the strip.  Hey it is Vegas and every night is crazy.  The strange thing we noticed was that everyone stops to take a photo with the PF Chang Statue in front. Why? Those people aren't even eating here. Do they show there friends back home a photo of them standing on the strip in front of the PF Chang's Statue? Vegas tourists can be a little weird.   Our waitress Kristina seemed to have a little attitude but then we found out she was originally from New York and that explained a lot. I know that sounds bad but I mean it as a compliment.  She was sassy and full of attitude but then after realizing she was from NY we knew she was actually being nice.  I started my night out with the organic margarita. It is one of my favorites. In fact, I make these same drinks at home. Yes I stole the recipe from the PF Chang's in Mountain View, CA.  My coworkers all went with Mai Tai's. We totally needed drinks after our long day. See most people come to Vegas to have fun. For the last 20 years I have been coming here for work, so I really do not know what Vegas fun is anymore.  As you can tell because I am getting excited about an organic margarita. Look out Vegas I am on fire.  We then decided to order a bunch of food. We started out with the two orders of the lettuce wraps...one chicken and one veggie. The tofu in the veggie lettuce wrap was disgusting.  We also got a tuna Tataki, which was really yummy. My favorite part was the jalepeno on top. I always like some spicy to my food.  For dinner we decided to grab a variety of dishes. We ordered the shrimp, chicken & pork fried rice, Chang's spicy chicken, Tofu Pad Thai and the Kung Pao chicken extra spicy.   Everything was edible but extremely salty.  We needed a couple of rounds of water to wash the salt down.  Honestly it was almost hard to eat but we were so hungry we just kept going. And I was not the only one at the table that made that comment, so I knew I was not being salt crazy.  I would like to feel like I know authentic food.  One of the best things in my life was getting to work in Asia and actually getting to experience the amazing food. But the bad part about these experiences is that it ruins the taste of most of the Asian food available in America including chains like these.   To recap my evening here: Our waitress was great. My drinks were delicious but the food was just okay. I can hardly believe, at one time, I was in love with PF Changs but I am just not in love with it anymore. I wish I could share more but I just wasn't that impressed.  I honestly don't have that much to say, which is strange for me.
Waited for 45 minutes on a weeknight before we got our table. Table view was amazing on the second floor but that was the only thing amazing during that night. Dynamite Shrimp had no kick at all, Dandan Noodles were soggy, Mongolian Beef was overcooked and chewy and our Calamari appetizer came AFTER our entrees were served. Our server was really efficient though, refilling our waters on point and following up on our calamari. But if i wanted asian/chinese food, i wouldn't go back to PF Changs.
Other locations are significantly better. This one sucks balls. Service was good, food was poor. Very dissapointed. Oh well, its Vegas this was just a bad bet.
The setting and the view were very nice, but after coming here I will never come back to a PF changs. The prices are WAY to much for what you get, and it really pisses me off when I can go down the street to Henderson and get better Chinese or Thai for a quarter of the cost. I know they are in a prime location here but the food is the same price in all the locations even the ones that are not prime.   And the restroom is a five minute walk away which was very annoying   The server was one of the best servers I've ever had.   Come here for the experience and great customer service but don't come here for the food because it sucks!!!!!!!!!
Food is indistinguishable from any of the Chinese spots you can order by meal numbers.  Therefore, it's overpriced. I wouldn't mind paying what I did if it was a good meal but it wasn't memorable.
This was my first time eating at a P.F. Chang's restaurant and I was not impressed by their food. The flavors just weren't there!  I eat at Chinese restaurants regularly in the Bay Area and I'm not a fan of non-authentic Chinese food but I thought we'd try ordering take-out and bringing it up to our room at PH. I do have to say their take-out counter is very convenient and is located next to the entrance.  We ordered the shaking beef which was too salty.  I'm a fan of salt but this dish had way too much.  The Dan Dan Noodles were ok. It was a little mushy and lacking flavor. I've had Dan Dan noodles at a lot of other places but this one tasted different. Cheesecake was good but tell them to put the raspberry sauce on the side, it tastes gross.  Overall, if you 're looking for some take-out, staying at PH, hungry for Chinese, and have enough points on your Total Rewards players card so you don't have to pay for your meal then order here and try different dishes.  P.F Chang's is just too overpriced and their food is just ok. Total price for shaking beef, Dan Dan noodles and cheesecake was $37. We could have eaten at Gordon Ramsey's BurGr again for the same price and had a good meal but were too lazy to sit down and eat at a restaurant in addition to BurGr being super busy. I suggest going to the Rio and eating at KJ Seafood and Dim Sum if you feel like Chinese. They have much better food!
We always enjoy PF Chang's, but this is one (located in Planet Hollywood - Las Vegas) does not fall in line with the others.  Okay service, not so great food.  Would not recommend!
What a disgrace to the chain. I attempt to go there when they first open.  The doors are locked.  They are also dirty with dried saliva on the outside.  So when we are walking away, the man comes and opens the door.  We are greeted by the host who hasn't moved an inch because he is behind his counter with his iPhone in hand and drinking tea or soda....so I ignore that....we are seated outside.  The window that faces the strip had some dried substance that looked like mucus or something...ick!!  So we are moved....then we are looking at the menu prices...I don't wanna pay that much for food when I am surrounded by mucos and saliva with bad service...I picked up and left & probably won't return....shame on you!
We have been to multiple PF Chang's throughout the US. This was the worst experience by far. Our server Mariam seemed to pay very little attention to our table. We literally had to call her every time we needed something. The food can be a lot better. I had to speak to the manager about the server. He was appreciative enough for our feedback. I hope we get a better experience the next time we visit since we love PF Chang overall.
Very disapointed with this location. Limited menu, lower quality food (dry rice) and super slow service. Not up to the high standards of the rest of the P.F. Chang chain.
This is the worst pizza I've ever had. We had our children with us, so we kept it safe with a large cheese pizza and the wedge salad.   Let me start with the salad. Wedge salad with bleu cheese and apple-wood smoked bacon. The ranch tasted like a gross bottled on the shelf kind of ranch. The bacon was chewy and soft and the bleu cheese was mediocre. I do have to say the large at $16 would be enough to feed at least 6 adults.   As for the pizza, I know we didn't get any gourmet specialty pizzas or toppings but any place should be able to have an outstanding cheese pizza, I mean I thought this place since they are "gourmet" and all should be able to knock a cheese pizza out of the park!!! Was I ever wrong, the crust tasted bland, I mean it absolutely had NO FLAVOR at all. The sauce was sweet, some people like that, but I'm more of a savory pizza sauce type of gal. And the cheese... so disappointing! The cheese should've been amazing!! But it tasted like really, extremely, old Parmesan... the worst part of it, this 12" pizza cost $15.50 for just some plain ol' cheese on it. I would recommend Peter Piper Pizza over this place any day of the week.
Went to lunch with friends. One ordered 2 slices of peperoni pizza ($3.75 per slice, a bit pricey for one item slices in my mind), the other ordered the lunch special plate ($9): 1 slice of pizza (she choose cheese) with a side salad (in this case the Asian salad minus nuts). None of this was appealing to me by price or appearance. I ordered the lunch pasta plate choosing spaghetti & chicken piccata with a side salad (Cesar salad) with the drink included. My plate set me back $10.50, which is more than most people who eat lunch out during the week try to spend. Not a fan of the one item topping pizza and not gullible enough to go for the spicy Italian sausage slice at $4.25 a slice! I figured I went with my best option.   Well as I said theirs did not look very appealing. The Asian salad dressing and few slivers of wantons was all that made this lettuce salad Asian. Usually that salad is a cabbage based salad. The pizza slices were not very large for the price by the way and are basically precooked and warmed over when ordered with whatever topping you select. NYPD does this a lot better and gives you more options to top your pizza off with and you can choose more than one.   The spaghetti was cooked perfectly and the chicken piccata was tender and flavorful but still not outstanding and for the price was a very, very, small serving. My salad was old - ends were turning brown and it was not very crisp and the dressing thick and not so good. The small piece of bread that they rave about as homemade was dry and served without butter. I mean it was really dry! Like maybe days old dry!   All this organic and gluten free food did not impress me. Glad I don't require a gluten free diet and have lived many years without organic indigents, because if this is a fine example of both I would quickly lose interest in food. Oh and that drink was also an organic juice based 10 oz soda that by itself sold for $2.50 when not a part of the lunch special.   The restaurant itself sits on the corner of an unassuming strip mall. It has a small crowed patio that was full except for the 2 tables in the direct sun without umbrellas. The interior appeared clean and had a casual slightly upscale appearance but also a bit crowed by the closeness of the tables. Therefore this would not be a good place for kids.  Also they don't appear to offer desserts! And our waitress lacked personality and appeared that she would prefer to be somewhere else.   So I give the place 2 stars which is generous with all things taken into account.
Experience all the pretension of California Pizza Kitchen with none of the service or pizza! Seriously, how snooty and obnoxious is it when the drinks section lists only an assortment of bottled waters and Italian sodas, then at the bottom in small print: "If you simply MUST have it, we also carry Cola, Lemon-Lime, and Dr. P." As though they are doing us lowly soft drink partakers a favor by sinking to our level. Yet, when pressed, they still wouldn't reveal whether their "cola" was Coke, Pespi, or something else (some of us care, yo).   We only came here because we won a $50 gift card, and I would never come back. The hostess was nice, but the service ended there. Our server was snippy, looked angry the whole time, screwed up our drinks twice, then snapped at us when we tried to correct her. Our pizza was only barely cut, we mostly had to rip it apart ourselves, and the busboy kept trying to take our plates before we were done and without asking.   The pizzas were vaguely interesting in theory, but not very good in practice. There were very few options in the way of regular pizza if you didn't want to try one of their many "theme" pizzas (bbq chicken pizza, pasta pizza, enchilada pizza, etc). We tried the Shrimp Scampi pizza, which was tough and undercooked, and the "Meaty Meaty" pizza, which was okay, but had about six pieces of meat on the entire large sized pizza.   Overall, it was a free meal, and we left full, but it was uncomfortable, and only moderately tasty. I would certainly not come here again and pay,  given their extraordinary prices (a large and small pizza, two sodas, and a garlic bread appetizer for $52???), mediocre pizza, and lousy service. Definitely skip this place.
Makes the olive garden look five star. Despite their claims they most certainly are not using all fresh ingredients and the food is bland bland bland with a metric ton of garlic. The pizza is awful and overpriced. When I complained they comped me $25( which is nearly twice the price of a pizzeria bianco's pizza!) at which point I gave them another try. The lasagna was so bland, the salad was absolutety Spartan. All the way around avoid this place. You'd enjoy Italian from fuzzolis better.
Service sucked. Food wasn't bad but not worth the price. Wont be going back soon
From a couple of months back.  No coffee ready took quite a while because they didn't have cups clean. NO ,really.  No chipotle wings because they are out of sauce. Server walked off before wife could order. 10 plus mins to return so you can guess how this review is going to add up.   Wife got angry with me because my surprise was quite audible re the cup excuse.10-15 mins to locate and clean a cup but at that point I was just hoping to get the meal over with.   Maybe it's my own fault but the service kinda changed from dismissive to not quite hostile but with a degree of contempt usually found  on staff at  tow yards. If you have a gluten free family member it's really really hard to find places to go  but at near $80 bill for 3 GF pizzas, 1 app and no real drinks  it just doesn't have the service to cover  the cost for "ok" pizza.  Really not doing a food review because if you have any reason at all to eat real pizza you don't need to come here:)
I don't particularly enjoy spending as much on pizza as Picazzo's likes to charge. I find their pizzas tasty but small for the price. Ordered one pizza for 4 people we ended up spending about $30 and all left hungry. No thanks picazzo's maybe I'll just order pizza hut next time.
Tastes like a frozen pizza. Salid was better but not great .
Kinda pricey, apparently because it's organic and gluten free because it's not for taste or portion size. Service was just ok. I don't know, I know people that like it so maybe I'll give it another try. But I know of plenty of really good pizza places so I don't know when.
If this decision was based upon the food alone I would easily give this place 4 stars, but the service staff was horrible.  When we walked in the door there was no real host and the lady that sat us clearly did not want to be there. She was abrupt when she sat us and did not make us feel welcome.  The waitress was prompt in taking our drink orders but we waited 20 minutes for our food order to be taken and that only happened when I told another server (not our own) that we were ready to order. Unfortunately, the person that took our order was not our waitress but the disgruntled employee that sat us when we came in to the restaurant.   Also, let me say that the poor service wasnt a product of a full restaurant or a staff that was spread thin. There were easily 4-5 wait staff and another 4-5 support staff in the restaurant.  Once our food arrived we were pleasantly surprised with the taste based upon the service that preceded it. I had the mushroom rotelli pasta with chicken added and it was very good. I heard nothing but good comment from the entire table on the food, but the extremely poor service is what gives this location terrible marks.   Hopefully, it was just a bad night for the staff because I would like to go back for the pasta but I havent decided if I will take that step and return.
I like healthy food and options are slim so I had high hopes for this place.. It had awful music on the outside patio , like bad loud elevator music. Also the food was crappy both appetizer and gluten free veggie pizza. I would have better frozen grocery store frozen pizza. So gross and way over prices. Will never come again.. Disgusting !
Not impressed. Side dining room was hidden and narrow, artwork was nice. place needs a facelift. Waitress was not knowledgeable nor very well trained. Pizza was ok but average ( was at CIBO recently) and if you compared to them there is no comparison. If you like average this is your place.
I gave the two stars for the food-it's pretty good for being gluten free.   HOWEVER, the service? Awful.  The hostess was nice, but that's about it. We aren't quite sure who our sever was...it started out with one obnoxious girl who barley paid attention to us when she took our drink order...she kept looking everywhere but at us, it was super awkward. To top that, I asked her a question and she was so busy not paying attention that I had to say "excuse me" twice to get her attention while she was standing at our table with her pen and notepad out!! Luckily my boyfriend and I can laugh about this stuff.  After she took our drink order, another waiter came about 20 minutes later to take our order.  We ordered chicken wings as an appetizer and a pizza to share. We waited and waited. And waited. Drank our drinks...waited. It took about 30 minutes for the chicken wings to come out, the pizza came out a minute after that.   So, we had each eaten about 2 wings and just as I took one slice of pizza off the platter, our waiter comes over and asks "do you guys need a box for all that?" It caught me off guard for a second...really? We just started eating. I sad no thanks and went on...10 minutes later "can I clear your plates guys?" about 5 minutes after that "you all finished?" He kept lurking around our table, I could see him continuously looking at us... I almost asked him if he could just let us eat our pizza in PEACE but I'm too nice for that.   Anyways, our bill came out to $40 (not including tip) and our original waitress brought it to us then took about 20 minutes to pick it up. Needless to say it was the slowest, most obnoxious dinners I have ever had and I will not be returning any time soon.
Will never be returning to Picazzos! My pizza had a hair in it and the mushrooms tasted slimy. The service was even worse! I wish they had better food because I live very close by. It seems like I'm not the only person who had bad service maybe they need to look at these reviews...
Severely overpriced.  Marginal service.  Food is fine - not great.
Great, a restaurant that serves organic and gluten free!  But wait.  Sat at the bar, ordered an organic salad.  Came with mixed greens, a small cucumber, some shredded carrots and every other "add on" was minuscule.  The dressing was supposed to be olive oil, garlic and lemon juice.  No lemon taste what so ever.  Just garlic.  Like "burn your mouth" garlic.  AND the mixed greens had several "old and bad" sections that I had to pull out.  Shouldn't the cook have done this before he served it if the greens weren't fresh?  Bottom line, expensive ($15 with tax and tip) and not huge portions of the organic veggies.  I could have bought a bag of organic greens at Trader Joes for 3 bucks and had the same thing!
Ugh, I always feel terrible writing a bad review, but sometimes it can't be helped...  The upshot is that the food was bland and dry, and the prices for pizza were super steep.  The food did look nice. Our experience: terrible, expensive food.  I heard good things about this place years ago, so we decided to meet friends there.  We arrived for Happy Hour, so the appetizers were half price and drinks were $1 off.    My "Bruschetta" was a rather dry flatbread, with a bland crust (maybe not bad for gluten free?), and toppings that weren't evenly spread out, so you got clumps of a lot on some pieces and not much on others.    The Brie was nice - a large portion with roasted garlic, fruit and sub-par bread.  The real problem came with the pizzas, which were incredibly overpriced for the size, even if they had been tasty.  My husband's pizza ("super healthy wheat crust", dates, red pears) was the smallest medium I've seen, and my small was truly a one-person pizza (mushrooms and vine-ripened tomatoes). With two toppings each (and free arugula), we managed to pay nearly $40 for a small and medium create-your-own!    The worst part was that the pizzas tasted incredibly bland.  I frequently order very healthy food- that's no excuse for flavorless results.  The organic tomato sauce was wet (but otherwise tasteless), making for a soggy pizza.  The fresh mozzarella didn't have the wonderfull taste and consistency that the name implies.  Even my mushroom and tomato toppings lacked flavor - how is that even accomplished?   The place was ok-looking and had nice service (aside from the male host who used the ladies restroom and left it dirty).    Our friends seemed to like their Caprese salad, Mushroom cap and Squash Ravioli with Pesto, so maybe our mistake was ordering anything with a crust.  I won't be going back to find out!
Wow this place sucks. My wife and daughter and I dined there on Saturday night and the service and food were both terrible. I truly despise negative reviews but this was so bad I can't help but share my experience. We sat down around 630 and requested a patio table for some reason we were told they didn't have any patio tables available. We were sat on the dining room and immediately noticed they had two tables available outside,  weird I know. So we asked to move outside which seemed complicated because of a fire hazard??? (Oh and we couldn't bring crayons for our 3 year old outside because they will melt in the 70 degree weather??? Also wierd.)         So we were greeted sort of by our server promptly by asking us if we were ready? We ordered drinks and told him we needed a couple minutes in which he responded by just walking away. I don't feel like I have high expectations but I do expect some level of hospitality when dining at a full service establishment. At no point did our server mention anything about the restaurant, specials, suggestively sell, ask us if we had any questions, or even say hello. After he brought the drinks which were delicious and the tastiest part of the evening, (canned sodas) we ordered our daughters mac n cheese and an artichoke appetizer.        Yikes!!! We waited a half an hour for the stuffed artichoke which was so bland and uninspired it was inedible. My daughters mac n cheese never came, we ordered a bruchetta that was served on undercooked chewy wierd flatbread, the concept sounded great but unfortunately the dish fell flat, it was flabby and one dimensional. The manager came by and although she made an effort no apologies were given. She took the artichoke which we didn't eat was taken off the bill obviously but no one said hey were sorry you had to wait or that your daughter didn't get to eat. Long story short picazzos was one of the first places I dined with my wife and I wish that was the last. I guess I should have never returned but I know now I won't ever be back.
I'm not going to make this long but this place is bad.  I don't know how old the waitress was but she was more concerned with talking with someone at another table than doing her job.  There were only 3 tables being used with my wife and I at one of them so there are no excuses.  The food did not taste very good at all.  After a couple of bites we paid our bill, left no tip, did not ask for a box to take home and went somewhere else.
WORST. SERVICE. EVER.    Today was my first visit to Picazzo's.  i was SO excited, because the restaurant offers a full gluten-free menu, including pizzas, pasta dishes, salads, and even appetizers -- almost all of which are either gluten-free or can be made gluten-free.  I don't get to to out to restaurants much and it is such a treat to find a place that has good food that I can eat.  I was SO excited to go here.  My husband, our young daughter, and I arrived about 11:30 on a Sunday for lunch.  There were 2-3 other tables full in the restaurant-- they were by no means busy.    Everything was fine until our server arrived -- and I use 'server' lightly, because there was nothing service-oriented about him.  I think his name was Andrew -- and only because at the end, while we were sitting waiting for him to notice that he still had customers and bring us the check and some boxes, a friendly female server came, brought us boxes, and said, "I'll send Andrew over with the check."  He did not introduce himself.  He answered every question we asked about the menu with a single word that conveyed complete and utter boredom.  My daughter asked if he was "mad at her" (!!!!!!)  He was uninterested and so unfriendly that he was just flat-out rude.  He seriously did not smile one time.  They do not list the types of sodas on the menu, so we asked, "what sodas do you have?"  He looked at us for a few seconds, and then said with disdain, "Coke."  That was it.  The ENTIRE MEAL proceeded like this.  It was laughably bad service -- were we on camera?  It also pretty much ruined what was otherwise a fine meal.    "Andrew" was so amazingly unfriendly and unhelpful that I sat for about 10 minutes debating asking for the manager and requesting another server -- because this was a somewhat special occasion for us and to have it ruined by a guy who obviously didn't respect us, the restaurant, or his own job was just wrong.  In the end, it was easier not to make a fuss -- but make no mistake, I have no desire to EVER go back to this restaurant again, largely because of him.  HE HAS NO BUSINESS WORKING WITH CUSTOMERS.    The woman who helped us at the end was very friendly, and I am going to try to make myself go back to Picazzo's and just make absolutely sure that I never deal with him again.  Because the food was great and frankly, I don't have a lot of gluten-free places to eat at.  We had the bruschetta appetizer -- gluten-free and delicious.  My husband had the chipotle chicken pasta, which he liked a lot (and he doesn't have to eat gluten-free).  My daughter had the mac & cheese, which was a gluten-free fusilli with alfredo sauce -- very tasty.  I'd order that with some chicken on it any day.  They should sell it on the adult menu.  I had a gluten-free pepperoni pizza (with the raised edge crust) that was delicious -- the best pizza I've had in the 10 months I've had to eat wheat-free.    The food is a little pricey -- but they are making gluten-free food, with non-GMO ingredients -- to me it's worth the extra cost.  I do wish they had a few 'classics' on the menu.  It's hard to get those comfort foods in a restaurant when you eat gluten-free -- a straight-up fetuccine alfredo, spaghetti and meatballs, etc.  A ravioli dish with just tomato sauce and mozzarella baked over it.  What I would do for a good plate of gluten-free ravioli with tomato sauce.  Anyway.    No one asked us if we wanted desert -- and I did.  But we didn't really have a server, so Picazzo's missed out on our money there. "Andrew" literally handed us our check, took our money, and handed it back to us without saying a word or making eye contact.  It was just insane.  I can't believe anyone watching him would think it was appropriate to have him working with guests.  The entire experience -- which was supposed to be a celebration of our daughter's completing 3rd grade and a special treat for me (getting to eat in a restaurant!!!) -- was uncomfortable, a negative experience, and such a huge let down.  What an unnecessary disappointment.
Just got a comment from Rob W. who works for Picasso ' s I guess? I usually don't care enough to respond but for some reason his comments struck a cord for me.      Rob, "explaining" to any customer about an inconvenience regarding a poor experience is pointless and comes across as if you lack any compassion. Guest perception is reality in this business as I'm sure you know. I don't like to plug the fact that I am in the restaurant business because who cares, but I feel the need to share with you my side of things.      In regards to the fire hazards in your restaurant you should stand proud in your staff being diligent about compliance.  However,  let's not embelish, the main side of your patio was over crowded with a large party which was far more hazardous than the 8 foot wide space to walk past our table once we were seated at the converted 2 top. Also by no means we're we in any way compromising safety of our family or anyone else in the restaurant. Remember it's 74 degrees outside and 6 o'clock on a Friday in April in Scottsdale, if you have the space available accommodate your guests. Don't excuse your oversight with a fire regulation it comes across a bit insulting.     In regards to the crayon policy no big deal there , it was just wierd and awkward to be given crayons to my 3 year old daughter which is a nice touch but then have them taken away. Once again it was 74 degrees outside and the sun was setting I'm certain there wasn't going to be an issue with melting. It's not my place and I really don't care about the crayons but because we were put off by the situation maybe you could educate your staff on when it might be appropriate to offer crayons on the patio. Take into consideration of outdoor temperature and follow through with proper cleaning after the guests leave you might be able to avoid the melted crayon problems.  Really though I dont care about the crayons it was just an uncomfortable experience for us.      Lastly Rob, owning your mistakes and learning from them are some of the most valuable lessons we have in this business.  I urge you to avoid standing behind arbitrary rules and instead treat situations with a little more common sense. Take note that your restaurant's food that night was subpar (which we didnt even get all the food we ordered) and should be addressed. No one ever in that moment acted as if they cared, and we left hungry and terrribly unsatisfied.     Again I'm not sure why I'm going at lengths to share this with you. Maybe it's because I love hospitality. Anyway I'm done with picassos but I maybe i can leave you with sime advice. Allow the customer to be comfortable,  be hospitable and genuine,  serve good food that you have tasted and when you make a mistake own it. Empathy goes a long way in this business.  I hope this comment serves you well. Good luck...
After reading the fabulous reviews we had high expectations.  I had the lunch special with a slice, salad and drink.  My pizza had been sitting around for a while the crust was over done on the bottom. soggy and doughy on the edges.  Two other members of our party had the same thing and the same complaint about the pizza.  The salads and soup were good but not great.  My husband ordered just a pizza with pepperoni, sausage and mushroom but thought it was just average.  The restaurant was clean, the service was excellent but we felt the food was over priced for just so so quality.  If we lived here I might give them a second chance and order something else.  The dessert looked great but we weren't offered any )o: and when the bill came figured it was high enough.
We just noticed that Picazzo's had opened in our area and were excited about trying it. We dined there two nights ago with another couple and were so disappointed. I hate to complain, but the first thing I noticed was that the water and wine glasses were so spotted that they looked dirty. My husband ordered a very, very dry vodka martini and could not drink it because it had so much vermouth in it. He ordered a small pizza and was charged for a medium one because the waitress typed in the wrong entry. I ordered the Penne with wild mushrooms, peas and broccoli and was served the Penne with some sort of meat in it. By that time, i was so discouraged I didn't' complain but just didn't eat my meal. I don't know whether the waitress couldn't hear or just wasn't paying attention, but the whole experience has us convinced that we will never return here again. So so sorry.
We have eaten at the Picazzo's in Tempe/Chandler (Warner and Kyrene) several times and enjoy their organic menu which is always delicious.  That's what we THOUGHT we were going to get with this place.  In fact, we chose it because someone in our party was on an organic vegan diet.  No such luck.  As soon as we sat down, the server said, "You know we're not organic, right?  We're different than the Picazzo's in Phoenix."  Uh, no.  But we were there, so we tried to make the best of it.  The food was disappointing and unremarkable.  The service was attentive, but uninspired -- no real energy.  There were a few tables with people outside on the patio, but we were the only party inside.  When they seated us in an empty restaurant with plenty of choices, the put us right next to the swinging door of the kitchen because it was a round top that easily sat five.  They could have pulled another two-top up to a four top in the corner and the seating would have been much more pleasurable for us.  We were embarrassed as we had raved about the place to our family whom we were visiting in Casa Grande, and made a point to go there for the organic food.  We will definitely NOT be back (nor will they) and have told several people about this, as well.
Okay, so I was on my lunch break and wanted to pick up two sandwiches to take home for my boyfriend and me to eat.  The people were very sweet and the decor was cute..... I ordered one veggie and cheese sub and one club sub! but the taste was NOT THERE! It was DRENCHED in MAYO and by the time i got it back to my house which was very close, it was soggy form all the mayo.  Could not even eat it. blah....... I hate to judge things off just one time but would not go back again. left a bad tast in my mouth.
I read the good reviews and a friend said it was good so I thought I would give it a try. I really liked the Thanksgiving Turkey wrap, it reminded of the traditional turkey feast. However, the warm spinach salad was not what I expected- first of all it there was not much spinach, it was mostly bacon, which isn't a bad thing but I expected to be more like a "condiment". For the $7.50, the salad was way too small and just didn't taste like a traditional "warm spinach salad". Also, the mandarin oranges didn't really fit in this salad. Overall I probably wouldn't do back. Nothing special.
Really poor atiitude! Phoned asking for a delivery to be told Polwarth was outwith their delivery zone unless I spend 30. Clearly they dont need customers in a recession!!  Last time I will be calling them! The guy who took the call was not what you would call friendly either!!
Let's see -- $14 for an okay fish fry (can you believe they serve the cole slaw in a plastic relish container?), no bread unless you fork over another $4, and a room that's so noisy you can barely hear yourself think. Nope, not for me!
Quick Review: tried the fish fry, and more or less had the same experience as Ashley H from below - bland overpriced food served in miniscule portions.  Great ambiance, an awesome beer menu (Belgium and Wisconsin offerings), excellent staff, but ultimately a fail when it comes to the food.  Full review is available at my site (see profile or previous reviews) - it's getting too difficult to write two unique reviews for each fish fry.
Great little atmosphere, but dinner was not that great. I think when we go back it will be for drinks and apps and from looking at what others were ordering, that might be the way to go.
Went here tonight after reading all the positive reviews on here, and a write up in Madison Originals.   Wanted the Almond stuffed Dates for our appetizer.  They were out of it.  We skipped the appetizer. Had the Mussels w/chorizo (me), and the Special (hubby), can't remember the name of it, but it was a fish dish.  The mussels were pretty good, but not nearly enough chorizo.  The fish special was OK, but the size of the fish portion was very small.  They have good beer, and it's priced accordingly.  My diet Coke was flat. We ordered the Flourless Chocolate cake, and the Bourbon Creme Brulee for dessert.  They were out of the Creme Brulee.  The flourless chocolate cake was the worst example I've ever had.  It was airy, (it's supposed to be super dense), and barely chocolaty (it's supposed to be intense dark chocolate).  It don't know whether they make it or buy it, but either way, it needs to change.  It's simply not good.  This was the first time I've EVER left flourless chocolate cake on the table, uneaten. The place is very small, but the wait was extremely long for "meh" food. We won't be returning.
In a town with so many options, you're not missing much if you skip jacs.  Their beer list is extensive, but that's not saying much in Madison.  I've been twice; once for beers, and once for brunch.  Beers: bottom line, sit at the bar if you want service.  If you're on the other side of the restaurant, you might as well be invisible.  jacs appears to be one of those places where the busier they are, the more likely you are to be taken care of; it's fine for waitstaff to be chatty with the bartenders, of course, but not at the expensive of obviously-waiting customers.  If your brew of choice isn't on tap or on special, be prepared to pay more for a bottle there than you would in most other places.  Saturday brunch: a better experience, over all. Entree pricing is in line with what you might expect elsewhere, and nicely enough, the first bloody mary, screwdriver, or mimosa you order with a brunch entree is $2.  Stick with the mimosa in this case; those received positive reviews, whereas my bloody mary was a disaster of a drink.  The mix is made in-house but is neither spicy nor interesting, but could have been saved if it hadn't been for the lethal layer of vodka floating on top.  Garnished with a lemon slice,a pickle, and a pimiento-stuffed olive and served in a small cocktail glass, this is truly an amateurish effort, and not even worth the $2 addition to the meal.  The food also received mixed reviews; I enjoyed the eggs benedict (the portion of ham served in this dish is both delicious and generous) and the herbed potatoes were quite tasty.  The crepes my friend had were disappointing; she said she can make better.  After a couple tries, I'm done with jacs.  I was surprised to see that they've been open since 2009; the place has a nice ambience but the service, the beverages, and the food all come with the feeling of a restaurant that has very recently opened and is still working out the kinks.  There are better places on Monroe Street and within a couple miles of this place; it's not bad, but you can do far better.
Good beer selection. Very bland food. Small portions and over priced.
Yesterday morning, 6 girlfriends got together for their start of weekly brunches. We chose Jac's because we heard wonderful things about the restaurant and despite the fact someone wanted to go to Bluephies, we vetoed her. Little did we know.   The food was wonderful.   However as we finished our drinks (water and soda), we continued in our conversation, laughing about how men do not clean as well as women. At this time, we were approached by a waitress who said that. "She did not want to ask us to leave but if we could keep it down and stop being vulgar because other customers were complaining."  We all sat in shock because Jac's is not that large and we could not believe which customers had said something because we never said anything inappropriate and we were not being stared at.   We called the manager to talk because our wonderful brunch (our bills had been paid already, tips left) was now ruined. The manager was extremely rude and blamed us for ruining the morning for customer.. She never once apologized nor listened to our side. As we got up to leave, another couple got up to leave and said to us, "We can't believe that happened. That was completely absurd."   Needless to say, 6 girls who spent over $130.00 will not be returning to Jac's. Our service was bad and the manager worse. We thought Jac's be our weekly brunch spot but we will move onward to a better location where people are allowed to laugh and enjoy a morning in good company.  PS I do love their food and have been to Jac's a half dozen times so its a disappointment that I will not return.  PPS I have enjoyed dinner here with a group of 13 and did not have this experience and we were much louder and even sang happy birthday as we jumped up and down. Not sure why this happened but again, very disappointed.
[SPOILER ALERT: Avoid this place like the plague.]  I'm not a girlie girl, so when I decided to do a girls' brunch--I chose Jacs, given the impression of it as a warm, inviting taphouse. Beer and cheese alongside breakfast? Yes, please.  I've had dinner here a few times, and really loved the veggie walnut burger and frites. The beet salad was pretty tasty, too.  Needless to say, this Sunday I was excited. It had been a busy week at work, but I had made reservations and invited my best girlfriends along for the culinary adventure.  Fail. Fail. Fail.  The food was okay, but my order (a breakfast sandwich, served with potatoes) was served on a plate half full. From the start, I was unimpressed with the presentation. The potatoes were fine, and the sandwich was okay--but I was disappointed with the white texas toast. I wish the bread was whole grain, ciabatta, or something with some extra oomph.   Halfway through my meal, I couldn't find the waitress to refill my water. I was so parched, and I unpleasantly waited some time for a refill.   As we were sorting out our checks, a waitress came over saying that we were being loud and vulgar. I was confused, and thought maybe she was mixing us up with another table. We called over the manager, hoping to resolve the situation--but she resorted to continuing the offense and insulting us further, not offering an apology. She railed on us for a few minutes while my friends and I listened in shock. I am completely mind-boggled by this situation--I've NEVER in my life been treated like this at an establishment that I'm paying for goods and services.   I'm still reeling from the insult. Maybe 10+ years ago, in college, at 1am, it would be fun to be loud and boisterous, and then I could understand some gentle scolding. However, this type of behavior towards our classy, professional group? AT A BAR?   I hope Jacs handles this manager. You never know what burdens someone carries with them, and I don't know what her struggles are--but this should never have occurred.   I will not be returning to Jacs, and I'm recommending to everyone I know, as well as you faithful Yelpers, to steer clear. Their service and treatment of patrons is a step away from criminal. Shameful.  By the way, I didn't even get the beer and cheese alongside breakfast. Maybe that's where I went wrong? Sigh.
After a good dinner, while eating desert, we were told to leave as they had another party expected for a reservation in 10 minutes
Yes - no stars!!  Are you f**king kidding me??  We waited two hours on a Tuesday night!  Hostess needs to learn how to sit people in a timely manner!  Bad news!!
What can I say? I left feeling that I had been duped into taking an old order of cheese curds and shorted on my beer.   Our waitress was pretty much "spot on," though she did somehow manage to bring my beer and our order of cheese curds out at the same time, which was only about 1 minute after having ordered them...which was great for the beer though left us both wondering about how the cheese curds got done so fast and yet weren't piping hot??  I also have to add that I was suprised to see my beer come out in a small (8-10oz) goblet opposed to a pint. I guess when order a draught beer I expect a full pint unless the menu specifically states it is a smaller size? (luckily we were already expecting the smaller size for the second beer)  As for the food....it was delicious. Beet Salad and Butternut Squash Flatbread were spilt by the two of us. The salad rocked and was appropiately sized. The Flatbread was excellent with an intereesting combination of brie cheese, squash, and a sweet-cranberry dressing.  Sorry Jac's - I cannot say that I will be looking to come back anytime soon.
Better food elsewhere.  Nothing was a stand-out.  Tried the cheesecurds...just ok.  Nothing special.  The burger and the turkey sandwich were both just ok.  Both were somewhat flavorless.  The frites were also just ok.  Service was fine and the atmosphere was good.  But, I go for the food and nothing I tasted would draw me back anytime soon.
The food is ok though I waited 25 minutes for a salad during lunch and the restaurant was almost empty. The customer service is non existent.  Recently fell in the restaurant due to food on the floor.  The manager laughed.  The owner promised me her insurance company would contact me and that she would send me a gift certificate. SHE DID NOTHING.  Never called me back, never contacted me.  SHAME on them.  DON'T GO.
I ordered a large beet salad and the husb ordered the chicken sandwich. When the food came out, my salad bowl was very dirty on the outside -- covered in goat cheese, dressing, and bits of lettuce that I presumed were left there when they were tossing the salad. The beets were lukewarm and fingerlike -- they just looked gross. I didn't touch them. The taste of my salad was okay, but way too saturated with dressing.  My husband's sandwich was so-so. He neither liked it nor disliked it.  We weren't impressed, so we won't be back.
Unimpressive food and service in general, jaded waiter. There is a big sign for daily specials such as Tuesday's Special etc. We wanted to order that. We were told "It is for dinner only". No sign of that; they forgot to mention that little detail anywhere else. There are so many better restaurants, especially around Capitol service much better food with n attitude. Try Old Fashioned, for example!
A bad lunch:  1. Unfriendly and stubborn waiter. 2. Super fatty/greasy soup (which made us nauseous later on) 3. One of the people in our group wanted to taste the soup before ordering, which irritated the waiter. When the bill came, we were shocked to see that the restaurant charged us $1 for "tasting the soup". It was literally a sip of soup in a sample cup.  4. The soup we ordered came with super tiny piece of bread. We asked for "two slices of bread". And, again, to our surprise, they charged us for two ting slices of bread.  5. The waiter never told us that there is a tasting-the-soup charge or there is a fee for two small pieces of bread!  Shame on this establishment.
WTF? They used to make great fries here and now all they have is deep fried  diced potatoes Gross! Get it together Jac's there are too many good restaurants in Madison to phone it in on a Friday night.
I have heard the saying that pizza is like sex, even the worst you can have is still not bad. Hmmm. Sounds like the person that made this up has the palette of a toddler, and well..  If I was to find a sexual encounter equal to my pizza experience at the saucy tomato, I would probably say it would be the encounter that is so bad it makes you switch sexual orientation.   Pizza came in a decent amount of time I suppose, I take the box to my kitchen and open the box to expose a flat sloppy pizza folded over on one side to fit in the box. Sauce was everywhere and I was just in awe. Chicago pizza..is not thin. It looked like the cook had made it from a Chef Boyarde pizza kit. So I called and the girl that answered told me that if I wanted the Chicago style pizza I have to specify that when I order or else it comes the way we received ours. Well actually she said, "Ummm if you want it, like, the other way, you have to like, ask for it. It comes whatever way you got it then. Wait, did you want it flat and didn't get it or..like the..hold on....(long ass pause)...Hello? wait, wait..what did you order again?"  After explaining to her that I had ordered the Chicago style initially and received..something else entirely, she told me that the type of pizza I wanted would take longer, cool whatever! I am always nice and patient when it comes to my food and the people that handle it, I will wait for what I want no problem. They delivered it in about 15 minutes. The delivery guy demanded to see the pizza we did not want. He then told us there was nothing wrong with the pizza and 99% of them all look like that. He was wearing an apron and so I am sure he is the one that made it and does not like criticism. ( How you like me now asshole??) He said the fact that the pizza needed to be folded to fit in the box was like a bonus for us, and the sauce splattered all over the crust and pouring out the sides was also extra lucky for us. He was very aggressive and actually made us nervous this creeper knows where we live. He continued to yell at us about the pizza, us being two women with our very young childrenalso  at the door, also getting frightened. He then left and I was both relieved he was gone and pissed I over tipped him the first tie he was here. We took the pizza to the kitchen, opened the box, and the pizza was not even halfway cooked.The dough was almost fully raw and the cheese wasn't even slightly browned. I put it in the oven, really let the whole situation settle in and decided to NOT eat the pizza, take the $30 loss and eat a bowl of Fruit Loops.  The fact that order was messed up, that happens, it is not a big deal. The fact that the girl was totally unqualified to answer phones and take orders, whatever man she is probably 15 and its her first job so she is fine. But the fact that they sent a grown man twice my size to yell in threatening tone at me and my children is so way out of control I wouldn't believe it unless it happened to me. I wanted to call and complain to the store but my friend wouldn't let me as this fucking psycho knows were I live and if he couldn't take criticism for making a pizza badly imagine criticism about personal relations issues.  The whole situation gave me an epiphany about delivery. You never know who the fuck is coming to your house until it is too late. After this experience I will NEVER EVER AGAIN order delivery food to my home no matter how tired, hung over, late it may be, I will either drive my tired ass to the store, or once again go for a bowl of Fruit Loops.
: (  People there were super nice, but the atmosphere and food totally missed the mark.  Sorry.  I really wanted to like this place.
Boasting "Chicago Style Pizza" and "Chicago Italian Beef" I was really looking forward to this dinner! The ONLY thing Chicago about the pizza was the fact that it was cut into squares (we got the thin crust). The worst part of the meal was the beef... You know... That thing that we would walk on molten broken glass for... The worst part of the beef is that they got the bread and the giardinair right... Noone get's those right... The beef was inedible and covered in Parmesan Cheese. Which I like... BUT NOT ON MY BEEF!!! The pizza sauce was sweet like a California sauce! Not tomatoey and full of italian seasoning like any self respecting Chicago sauce is. The beef... The meat was overcooked and the flavor was just... WRONG. I didn't make it through 1/2 of my $12+ dollar sandwich before I threw it away in tears and opted to eat some peanuts for dinner in lieu of putting myself through the torture of taking one more bit of that atrocious sandwich! I've had sandwiches that were touted as "C-Style Italian Beef" that were good... just not legit... This sandwich was really just BAD! HORRIBLE! INEDIBLE! ROTTEN!!!!
Went for the Chicago style pizza.  It wasn't even close to Chicago style. No big deal I thought.  Pizza is hard to mess up.  Don't know what it was but it just didn't like the taste of it. Didn't even finish the leftovers which is rare. I won't be going back.
If you are looking for Chicago style pizza--DO NOT go here. The sausage-- what little there was of it was spicy, the tomato sauce had no taste, the cheese was rubbery. The thin crust was thin but the squares were as large as the plate and you needed a saw to cut through them. If you want Chicago style pizza stick with Rosati's or Aurelio's. Service was good but the pizza was horrible.
The food was probably the worst I have had in a long time. My meatball sandwich was on a huge roll. There was 2 meatballs in it, they were cut in half it came out almost ice cold. I don't mine colder food but it was too cold. The Chicken marsalla was not good at all. they sauce was more watered down and had a funny taste. The service was good it wasn't her fault.
This pizza place is hilarious.   We stopped in because we were starving for lunch before CES. We are approached by a saucy lady waitress who is kind enough to get us some drinks and take our orders. When we ask the waitress (who is supposedly from New York) what the difference between the Chicago-Style Pizza and the New York- Style pizza was.... she had no clue.   I don't even remember what we got but it was whatever. Nothing special here and thankfully we didn't get ill.
This restaurant is closed. It has reopened under new owners with a new name.
This place is too Americanized!  Their food doesn't even come close to real Asian food.  It is a good place for people who want to say they are adventurous, but really like to eat hamburgers & hot dogs.  Over priced!
Okay.  Quasi-Asian. PF Chang-lite.  Two soda machines with dozens of options holds things up and causes lines.
My wife and I have eaten at this Pei Wei about once a week since it opened. It was our favorite restaurant in the area.  Unfortunately, they haven't been maintaining their restaurant. The booths are worn out. The soda machine malfunctioned during our last visit and shot soda all over the guests. The dining area is dirty. The food is still good. However, it makes me wonder if the food is safe. If they're neglecting their dining area are they also neglecting their kitchen? On a recent visit we advised an employee that the tea didn't seem very strong, hoping he would check it out. Instead he was rude and advised us that the tea is the same as always. Excuse me but I've had their tea every week for the past few years and I know when it's not correct. I would recommend that they hire a manager that actually cares so he could make some repairs, do some maintenance, clean the restaurant, and retrain the staff. Pei Wei should be ashamed of how they've let this restaurant slip. I've written emails to their corporate office. Now we'll see if they do something to bring this store back to the excellent restaurant that it was.
Per Wei is always hit or miss depending on location...This one is a miss and been so consistently for quite some time.  I try it again every now and them in hopes they have hit but no luck yet!
I am so sorry that I have to write such a negative review of this new restaurant, because it's family owned and operated, and clearly trying hard to provide an upscale experience in a less-than-optimal atmosphere.  However, Il Vinaio missed the mark at every given opportunity.  I came in for a group event that had been scheduled as a wine tasting with wine samples and a cheese/fruit/nut appetizer included for $15 a head.  When our party arrived, we were informed by our host that a different large party had also booked a wine tasting, and would be sitting in the semi-private area, and would be doing a wine tasting so we could not.  I have yet to receive an explanation on why we could not do our wine tasting simply because another party was doing one simultaneously.  Needless to say, this immediately dampened the mood.  Our server, who I gather was the restaurant owner, was pushy with having us order two bottles straightaway, though our entire party had not arrived, instead of by the glass, and this theme continued through the evening.  He continually seemed irritated that we were not ordering as much as he would have liked us to, or that it took us time to decide which dishes to order, etc.  We all agreed that he was a bit snippy, and he didn't provide us much in the way of recommendations.  The wine itself was fine, particularly the Schloss Riesling, and the food was decent, as well, with very generous portions.  The cheese plate was good, but it was not impressive that the female owner was not able to tell us what cheeses had been served to us when she came over to ask us how our experience had been.  The cheese plate was the one thing we all raved about and wanted more information on, and all she had to say was, "we serve lots of cheeses and mix it up. I think there was a blue cheese that was made in a cave."  That was disappointing, and I expected much more from an owner.  As stated in other reviews, from the outside, it looks like an old Marie Callender's or Furr's Cafeteria or something of that ilk.  Even inside, you can tell that it was once a place that had a buffet, and was clearly built in the early 70's.  However, you can see that effort has gone into revamping it, and it's decent.  Not great, but decent.  At least it has its own parking lot.    It was so disappointing to have our plans changed for us and then to have less-than-stellar service as a result.  We all spent more per person than intended, and did not receive what we had reserved our table for.  The service by both owners did not seem very personalized or knowledgable, and that is the opposite of what I'm looking for when I visit a more upscale wine bistro.  I don't think I'll be back, and it's really too bad.
Rating would have been a 5* after our initial visit last week, but after tonight, it goes down to just 2*.  They had a "special" going that got you 2 entrees and any bottle of wine for $50, however, they were out of four of the bottles we asked for, and would not recommend any of the other Reds...needless to say, we passed on the "special" and just ordered our meal.  When my wife asked to substitute the onions on her steak (there were a ton) for another vegetable, the waitress got snippy with us, and said she would ask.  When we got our meal, instead of a different veggie, there was none, essentially her (tiny) steak and a serving of potatos, and that was it.  The bad part was that the waitress never bothered to ask if that was ok, just brought the food and said that they preferred not to make the onions since we said we wanted something else!  Overall, an extremely disappointing experience...too bad too, because our last visit was great.
Bland food at high prices.  Not worth your time or money.  I recommend you go elsewhere for tastier, cheaper food with more authentic environments than this faux-elegant shab.
Really!? Lion burgers? You should be ashamed of yourself!
I have mixed feelings about this place because I think it has potential, and because I think heavy meat-eaters might like it. I'll start with the good stuff to counter my low stars . . .  The place is big with a large airy open space in the middle. They have live music on some nights and the space would be good for dancing, though I didn't get the feeling that dancing will be happening here -- maybe I'm wrong? The music that was playing while I was there was definitely not conducive to dancing -- VERY subdued, not that great.   There are separate (but fairly open) large areas at the sides and backs of the restaurant. These are great spaces for large parties.  The service was good, the meat-eaters in my group liked the meat (I'm vegan), and the owners spent a nice amount of time chatting with us and answering our questions. They're really trying to do something unique and serve high-quality food. They get their produce from a local farm -- One Windmill Farms -- which is awesome.  But that's the weird part -- I buy my own produce from that same farm, so I was really surprised to find that the vegetarian food my husband and I ordered was really bland. I don't know if it's the way they prepared the food, or if the produce they got that day just happened to be flavorless, but I have no interest in going back to find out.  So what did I get? The Angel Hair Pasta and the Bruscetta. It was the most bland pasta dish I've ever eaten. The bruscetta wasn't 100% flavorless -- it was drowning in garlic. I normally love a lot of garlic, but this was definitely overkill, and the tomato and basil were flavorless, just like on the pasta. The bread was too soggy for me, too, but my husband liked it.  There is an impression that Il Vinaio is a wine bar. It's not. Go to D'Vine if you want a Wine Bar. The wine list at Il Vinaio is limited. I had the Malbec and found it no better quality than any Malbec I can get at a typical restaurant -- just o.k.   Overall, it was the most flavorless food I can remember getting at a restaurant, but it was priced high.    BTW, there isn't much for a vegetarian to eat here. That didn't affect my star rating, but since I yelp for vegetarians, I wanted to mention it.
I want to like this place, downtown Mesa needs great restaurants in a bad way. They simply are not that good. Coffee is atrocious, if you are going to try to represent yourself has a fine dining restaurant, you need drinkable coffee. Had pancakes, they were undercooked and doughy. generally too much salt in most the dishes I tried, rice on a salmon special was inedible. Great cheese plate. Good wine list, reasonable price there. It feels like they are trying hard, but coming up short.
Mediocre food at best when we went last week. Don't let the Italian name fool you. Very limited Italian menu and when I asked for grated cheese ony angel hair pasta, the waitress looked surprised, went and checked and of course they don't have any. Why would they??? Lame and the wine isn't all that much of a value either.  Better places abound...try anything else.
Bruchetta at happy hour...awesome.  Real chef prepared food (not prepackaged nonsense like most restaurant chains).  Nicer than average wine selection (reasonably priced).    The very good food was the only thing to save this place from  complete disaster.  If they get the service up to par they could easily be 4 star (I might even give them a five).  That being said.  The service was slow and seemed to have trouble communicating with the kitchen.  They brought our food out separately rather than all together so some of us nearly finished before others in our party even had food!  Some of the restaurant's  management types were sitting at the bar doing something...they seemed oblivious to what was going on inside the establishment!!!  BOOOOOO.  So sad to see a place with such potential be mismanaged so badly.
Stopped in here for lunch today with Arlin B., Robyn N. & Mike C.  I ordered an Antelope Burger with a salad & fries.  The salad & fries were ok but the Antelope Burger was another story.  First off, it arrived what I would call rare, when I had ordered it medium.  The server lady took it back for a re-do, but the new, improved burger was totally blah.  The meat had no flavor!  Now this was my first (& last) Antelope Burger, so maybe it's normal for it to be tasteless, but in any event, that's how it was.  The service was ok & the place is nice inside, but I have no plans to return.  Antelope Burger & small salad $13, fries extra.
I take back what I said about II Vinao being mismanaged.  I guess they where just having an off day.  The owner contacted me wanting details so that all problems could be fixed.  How great is that?  We will definitely be dropping by again sometime soon.  This place has what it takes to get a 5 star review from me I'm sure of it...I'll make sure to keep everyone posted.
Went for the carne fest and it was probably the worst experience I have ever had for the $45 I paid for dinner. The waitress couldn't remember to bring me my drink, the food was either under or over-cooked, service lacked professionalism and they ran out of nearly everything.   I will never go here again.
My mother received a coupon and wanted to try Il Vinaio before a show at the Mesa Arts Center. I had only been for dinner there once before a couple of years ago, and remembered that the service was so deplorable that we were worried that our host was embarrassed to have brought us there. But the restaurant was new and I understand that it takes time to work out the kinks. Turned out that this particular kink has not yet been untwisted.                The service is incongruent to the nice atmosphere and good menu. It's not just that the servers dress in jeans, tennis shoes and, I think, t-shirts, but that the quality of the work revealed the absence of proper training. Ex: no tray-jack, just set the entire large tray directly on our table, serving entrees while all of the appetizer and salad plates were still uncleared, never removing dinner plates, (we had to push the empty plates aside to do the check), no bussers which  decreased the amount of time we saw our server and greatly contributed to poor service.         "Hi guys. My name is N_____. Let me tell you guys about the special." And then she literally began the description with, "It comes with...." She said the entire special backwards so that we had to wait until the end to know what the entree actually was! It went like this," It comes with X and Y over some (pasta?) and then you can get either A or B (fish or chicken maybe)." The way she told it was impossible to get a visual and I was so distracted by the delivery that I couldn't remember what the special was 10 seconds after she "described" it. Oh goodness.         I ordered from an exciting gluten-free menu, which is a rare treat. I chose the braised lamb ragu with pappardelle pasta. My daughter wanted the same dish which was on the regular menu. However she told the server that she would go ahead and get the gluten-free as well, in order "to make sure the [identical] dishes don't get mixed up."  When the meals arrived, the lamb ragu was over CAPELLINI. When I told the server, she unapologetically said, "Oh, angel hair is the only gluten free pasta we have". I told her that my daughter never would have ordered the lamb ragu in gluten-free had she known. Our server didn't do anything with this piece of information to satisfy the problem. This would have been a good time for her to have told the owner that his/her error on the menu had caused two guests disappointment. Maybe at Il Vinaio they think, "Ahh, pasta is pasta. Who cares what shape it's in?"    Uh....we do!            Important note: Ineptitude aside, the lamb ragu was DELICIOUS.         However my father, who just had dental surgery, ordered tomato soup as his entree along with a sweet potato side. I don't believe that the same person who made the lamb ragu could possibly have made that soup. It was very watery and barely tasted of tomato. Dad's incredulity that it was being passed off as tomato soup caused him to want everyone at the table to try it.  And unfortunately for him, the sweet potato mash was not sweet as sweet potatoes usually are. After complaining about the soup, he received the black bean soup. The beans were undercooked, thus hard and unchewable for him. To top it all off, he had ordered an O'Douls over a half hour prior and had given up on it. In our attempt to assuage his suffering, we reminded the server who then brought it.         When she brought the bill, I asked if she had taken anything off for not serving papardelle as the menu said. She replied, "I already took off his soup, sweet potatoes and O'Douls". I reminded her that the beer was 30 minutes late, and that the food he ordered was not good. I should have told her that in the restaurant business, once a drink takes 20 minutes to get to a guest, you give it to him with a sincere apology and it's comped. And when your guests find your food inedible, of course you do not charge them for that either.  Neither of which is a favor.         I then talked to the owner about the menu item switch. She apologized for it. I told her that I didn't mind for myself since I'm just glad to get a good GF meal, but that something ought to be taken off of my daughter's entree since she never would have ordered the dish had she known that it was not as described. The owner did absolutely nothing except to apologize again. I was stunned by the owner's inaction. She  probably figured we were never coming back so why compensate for that particular error. If that was her thinking, she assessed the situation incorrectly. It's so hard to find a good gluten-free meal that I would definitely have gone again.       I noticed a lively bar with about 10 seats. Il Vinaio is probably great for a drink and some socializing at the bar. Also I would mention the GF menu to anyone needing to follow that diet. But I offer a warning about the service.  The establishment is too nice and has too much going for it for the owners to overlook this shortcoming.
Nice atmosphere but no other customers on a Wednesday at lunch time.  Decent menu though a bit on the pricey side.  Wine was 2 for 1 at lunch... thought that was nice.  Great service.  Ordered the Vegetable Pasta and was looking forward to the zucchini and asparagus.  It was way to peppery yet bland.  Could have used more cheese also.  I wouldn't go back.
A few months back I went to Il Vinaio on a whim for supper with a friend of mine. The restaurant was nearly empty, but our waiter was excellent, our food was served promptly and was delicious. I also ordered a glass of Sangria which was heavenly. I half-joked to the waiter that I wanted to buy a gallon of the stuff to take home with me for a get together I was having that night, and the waiter and staff were so accommodating. They sent me home with 5 freshly made bottles of sangria and a container of fresh sliced fruit garnish. It was a very good experience and I have been trying to get some of my friends to join me for a meal there ever since.  Well, last week I got together a group of 8 diners and we decided to go there for dinner. Two of the diners would be enjoying their last dinner there before returning home to England. I realized several hours before dinner that there would be an Oktoberfest Beer dinner that evening, and called to make sure that regular service would be offered. It was, and I reserved a table for 7pm. Three people were there right on time, and the rest of the party arrived a little bit late but staggered, no later than 7:20. I'm not sure if our waitress had never waited table before, or was just highly incompetent at her job, but the entire meal was a disaster from the beginning. The beer dinner taking place in the center of the restaurant was not as busy as I had expected it to be, and there might have been a couple of other tables in the restaurant, I'm not sure. Our waitress didn't get all of our orders taken until after 7:45. Bread arrived 10 minutes later, stale and cold. A couple of friends ordered pitchers of Sangria, which was not quite as good as the batch that I'd purchased previously, but still very good. However, the pitchers were tiny, filled to the top with ice, and $34 each. Most of our water glasses remained empty for long periods at a time while our waitress was nowhere to be found. The food was also very inconsistent with my first visit - I had tried the mac and cheese which was delicious and rich, and my friend that ordered it received a bowl of runny cheese-milk with noodles in it. The sauce on the mac and cheese was identical to the "fondue" appetizer she'd ordered. I ordered a grilled flatbread with cappicola, and what arrived was a glorified tortilla with some cheese and ham sprinkled on top. It was not a $12 meal. Some of the food was delicious, but the inconsistency was truly astounding. My husband's sirloin burger was cooked perfectly and was delicious. Another friend ordered the antelope burger, and stated that he preferred his meat as rare as possible, but as he'd never eaten antelope he would like the chef to prepare the burger as he recommend it be eaten. The burger came out well done, tough, and underseasoned. I also had this item on my first visit, ordered medium, and it was perfect. Our food did take a very long time to come out, which I could attribute to the kitchen being tied up cooking for the beer dinner. However, we were a large, paying party who made sure that regular service would be an option before we came. There were so many more issues with the food and service. I was appalled that I had so highly recommended the restaurant and taken a large group there. It was a disappointing meal for every single member of our party. This review would be much longer if I detailed each member's order and the multiple issues with each.  I am not a confrontational person. I have worked in food service before and the experience we had was inexcusable. My husband picked up our portion of the check and I left as a couple of our more confrontational party members said something to the waitress. Nothing was comped, no apology was given or explanation made, and none of us will be back. I had such high hopes for this restaurant after my first visit. I am saddened that my second experience was so disastrous. Downtown Mesa needs good local businesses and restaurants, and I was so excited that this would be one. If this is a typical experience I expect they won't last another year. Please, show me this was a fluke!
Doesn't even deserve 1 star.  My husband and I went here last night to grab dinner before a concert at the Mesa Arts Center.  We arrived at 6 and the show started at 7:30.  The hostess asked if we were going to the show and we said yes. We were seated immediately...the place was not even half full.  Waited a good amount of time before our server came to the table to take drink orders.  Waited 20 minutes for 2 glasses of wine.  Ordered our food which consisted of a salad, grilled flatbread and a burger with fries.  The salad came after we had been there for about 45 minutes.  Finally realized it was 7:00 and still didn't have our food.  Asked our server about the delay and she seemed shocked.  To top it off she had the nerve to say I brought you some bread, your salad and wine...WHAT!!!  We told her never mind on the food we would just take our bill.  By now it's 7:05.  The manager comes to the table to tell us that our food is being plated right now so it's ready.  At this point the show was starting in 20 minutes so we clearly didn't have time to eat it now.  She was very unapologetic about the whole situation.  She brought us our bill, and clearly couldn't be bothered to comp anything from it to try and rectify the situation.  Then the server comes back again to tell us our food is done now and did we want to take it was us.  Why yes, I would love to take my food and leave it in the car for the next 2.5 hours while we attend the concert.  That sounds like a great plan...NOT.   The couple that was seated right before us had also complained to their server and manager about the wait and I overheard their server mention that is was because there were so many people here tonight...keep in mind I mentioned the place was barely half full.  That was their 3rd time coming to the restaurant and it was the same all 3 times.  They were really trying to give the place a chance but said 3 strikes and you are out.  Such a disappointment and unlike the other couple, we will not give them another chance.  When you have people complaining you have to make it right and they did NOTHING!!! Do not waste your time going here unless you have tons of time to kill.  Luckily the show at the theater was amazing so it didn't ruin my night since we had to go to the show on an empty stomach.
Went on a Weds. night before a downtown show. Place is about 1/2 full. Took 30 minutes to receive glass of wine, 45 minutes to receive appetizer. After an hour of waiting finally received meal, which we had 5 minutes to gulp down before rushing out to catch show. Another couple that came in 5 minutes later, never received their meal. This way everytime we go (3rd time). I will not give them another chance. Owner said well, this place is bigger than it looks and we have a small kitchen. ??? Is this my problem?
The translated "Il Vinaio" is an ancient Italian word meaning "polished turd". The pretentious menu, the "Denny's" environment. The dated and uninspiring wine list. Fake yelp reviews, rude replies to yelp reviews.  Reviews that have no other reviews or friends, are obviously  fake yelp profiles, sad . Clearly unprofessional "foodies" have no place in the restaurant industry, this place makes the Taco Bell next door  look bad. Keep polishing that turd, I heard the best way is to suck at both ends.
We had dinner here after a play at the Mesa Arts Center.  Not the worst but definitely not the best place i've ever eaten.  To be fair, I didn't try anything on the wine menu.  The gluten free menu was the attraction and i suspect that has attracted a few others as well, especially on a Sunday afternoon when not much is open in Mesa.  It's ok, but I wouldn't go back again.
We wanted to try the 4 course meal for $75 as advertised on livingsocial.com I will comment on each course.  menu  Salad  Two Field Greens Salads  Toad Hollow Rose Pinot Noir  Salad was fine. A lot of green olives. Wine tasted like zinfandel and neither of us liked it. Rolls were good.   Appetizer  Portabella Oscar: Crab-Stuffed Mushroom with Asparagus and Hollandaise  Steelhead Pinot Noir  Very bland. 3/10. Hollandaise sauce was thin and uneventful. Now we are getting worried. Was not hot but served room temp. We had to force ourselves to eat this course. Disappointing. Wine was still just ok.   Entre  6-Ounce Filet Mignon with Red Skin Mashed Potatoes, Haricots Verts, and Wild Mushroom Demi  OR  Lobster Scallop Napoleon with Bacon Risotto Cake, Asparagus, Sun Dried Tomato Butter, and Lemon Beurre Blanc  Cosentino "The Cab" Cabernet Sauvignon  We tried one of each. The Lobster dish was what made us try this 4-course meal. This was just bad. Risotto was harad and not fully cooked. The owner Cindi explained to us that it was intentionally "al dente". Why? Worst risotto ever. No flavoring. We exchanged it for another fillet which was good.    Dessert  Gelato Sampler Trio  Tombstone Belle Port  Gelato was ok. We liked the Port and the macaroons Did not like the music that was playing--bad 80's music some of the time. classical would have been nice.  Summary: They tried and multiple courses was fun but we did not feel the food was of the caliber that it was worth $95 with tax and tip and we won't be back.
Unimpressive and overpriced. Tried the lamb ragu and it was one of the blandest dishes I've ever eaten. I'm not exaggerating when I say that the dominant flavor was the noodles! We tried an appetizer that was okay but nothing special (some sort of spicy/sweet shrimp). The best part of the meal was the bread (Breadsmith), however we had to ask for it and it didn't arrive until we were almost done with the meal.  On the plus side, they had a good beer selection featuring some local breweries that you don't see all the time. I do like that they source most of their ingredients locally.
Terrible, horrible, DO NOT GO!!  The staff was rude and readily turned up their nose when 5 adults walked in with 3 children, we were told the only tables they ahd available were their high tops (clearly they were trying to deter us from dining there) when we stated we were fine with a high top it still took more than 5 minutes to get seated and the restaurant only had 2 other tables when we walked in.  The apps were good, but it took more than 40 minutes for the main entrees to come out of the kitchen, during which time we had to ask more than 3 TIMES for our drinks to be refilled...the burger that was ordered medium might as well have mooed at us from the plate, the puntanesca was so salty it was inedible, the lemon chicken was so over cooked wand dry it was like road kill.  When we complained we were told that our meals could be re cooked, but with 3 fussy children and already having to wait more than 40 minutes, we did not have time to wait and see if the dishes would be corrected or not.  We were not offered to have anything removed from our bill, and not even a 'sorry' was given.  We were also charged an 18% auto gratuity because 'technically' we were a party of 8...one child is still breast feeding, and the other two didn't even have childrens items ordered for them as they were eating off our plates...this place has terrible food, bad service, and staff that does not care!!
Food and service were mediocre. Nothing special in my opinion, not for that price. Had the tilapia the first time and it was very fishy tasting, which was not what I expected. Second time had the lobster Mac and cheese which was alright but not amazing. Boyfriend had the 10oz sirloin and the chicken a different time, which he said were good, so maybe it's just the fish that they serve there that's yucky.
I was excited to try this place after hearing/reading good reviews.  I ordered the Chile Rubbed Teres Major Steak and it came out room temperature.  The broccoli side was tasted like it had just come out of the refrigerator. I sent it back and it came back a few minutes later and the broccoli now tasted like it was dunked in boiling water and dropped right back onto the plate (it was soaking wet). The steak was still room temperature and while better, it was hardly worth the almost $20 it cost. No manager came to ask what the problem was.  Service was mediocre. I won't be back.
It's been open for approximately 2 months and they have a bit more to do to impress me. Upon entering it took a few minutes of us waiting at the front to finally be acknowledged and greeted. There's a hostess area, but no hostess.  We wanted something light, easy, and fast. We ordered a pizza special that included a drink, slice of pizza, and a salad. The pizza came out re-warmed and dry. I was not happy about them passing off fresh, gourmet pizza with a re-warm in the toaster oven appeal (I've re-warmed enough pizzas in my time that I know it when I see it). I asked the server about it and he admitted that it was not fresh and that they would make us fresh slices. The new pizza came out 10-15 minutes later and it was a stark difference compared to the initial slice. The pizza was freshly baked (not freshly made by hand) and the cheese was delicious.   Some helpful tips: 1. Do us both a favor and get it right the first time. You only have one chance to make a good first impression. Unfortunately, the initial impression I have of this establishment is disappointment. If you know you were giving out old pizza, why do it? Especially when you are a new business and you are building your reputation. 2. If you advertise "gourmet" be it. The quality of the pizza was ordinary. If you were to advertise as a regular pizza joint, I would think you were great. However, since you say you are "gourmet" you have missed the mark entirely. Gourmet to me is handmade and extraordinary with toppings and spices and I didn't see that. 3. Same line of thought...if you advertise "organic wheat crust" use it. My crust was an ordinary white flour crust.   The two main reasons (gourmet and organic wheat crust) I picked this restaurant instead of the one next door were the very things that I didn't end up experiencing.   The service was okay. The restaurant itself is in a great location and is decorated very nice! I think this place has great potential, it's just getting the form and function to align (be consistent in your advertising message with the product you give to your consumer).
Terrible and a rip off!  Took a pizza to goand a salad for $34. the pics was$20 for there medium which was suppose to be organic but it looked like it came from peter piper no joke. And it only had 6 slices that were tiny. Ingredients was horrible and tasted like it was a frozen pizza. I got the Italian salad that hardly had meat and was very small with horrible cheap iceberg lettuce. Cost was $14 and a joke..if your looking for better pizza and salad seriously go to dominos our pizza hut and save your money because nothing about this place was organic and I'm very disappointed.
We were excited to try this place because it was less than 5 min from our house, but we were sorely disappointed.    First and foremost, they forgot the avacado on our "California Pizza."  We wanted the "organic whole wheat crust" but they said they were out of this.  I'm not sure how that happens, especially since we ordered at 4:30 on a Saturday.  You would think they would have enough for a busy Saturday night.  The bacon was uncooked and fatty.      The toppings were sparse and we were unsatified after finishing.  We had high hopes going into this thinking it would be a similar to CPK, but it is unlikely we will go back.
I would rate it one star if it wasn't for our salads being good.  A coworker and I ordered two salads for pick up, as we were on our lunch break and didn't want to waste a lot of time. When I asked the guy who answered the phone for two small salads, he asked if I wanted a "single" or "small." After asking him what the difference was, he told me that the small served 4-6 people and the single was good for one person... Hmm... I guess it would be a single then! From the website, it looked like there were only three options (S/M/L), but whatever.  When we showed up to pick up our order, it was pretty clear that they were short on staff. There were 2 people working and one of them was behind the bar pretty much the whole entire time. They were definitely NOT in a hurry even though the restaurant  had a good amount of people there... Just a couple of dudes putzing around!   Anyways, he ran our cards and returned with 2 piddly, TINY boxes of salads.. What? After sitting in my car and wondering why we were charged $7 for a snack of a salad, we decided to go back in and see what the deal was. After we told him that it wasn't explained to us what a "single" was, he admitted that he wasn't being exactly clear. "Yeah, it was probably my fault." Uh, yeah it was! That was all he said, no apology or anything. Now, we are not the type of people who go around looking for freebies, but you would think he would have been a little more... I don't know... Courteous! He ended up running our cards twice, since we wanted a larger order and disappearing in the back for almost half an hour. We would have left if he hadn't charged us, but we were stuck waiting... For...Ev....ER!  While we were standing there twiddling our thumbs, it was obvious that some of the other customers felt just as neglected and frustrated. One woman even had to get up out of her seat and walk over to one of them to have something taken care of. Not cool. Finally, he brought us our food and still gave no sign that he even cared about what had happened. It's a cute place and the food might be decent, but I would not go back to this location!
We tried this restaurant because we had received a gift certificate as a gift. Thank goodness it didn't cost us anything to eat there. 3 of us had bowls of Potato Bacon soup with a pieces of  "bread." If there was any bacon in this soup, none of us saw it or even tasted it. The "bread" they served with it was hard and neither the soup or the bread had any taste. I kept adding pepper but you can only add so much of that to soup before it tastes yucky. The other person in our group got the lunch combo of 1 piece of pizza (Cheese) and a salad. The price for this combo was expensive, which you don't mind if the food is good, but in this case it added another layer of annoyance. When it came, she asked the server where the dressing for her salad was and he told her it was on the salad. She asked him to show it to her as she didn't see any and then he said perhaps they had forgotten it. He brought her some dressing that was the consistency of peanut butter and looked very unappetizing. She tried it with a little lettuce and said it wasn't too bad (what a compliment, huh?) but the slice of pizza was tasteless. Tasteless food and high prices - not a good combination. We WILL not be coming back here.
Warning: this place does not have the Picazzos.com menu. I guess they are not affiliated with that place even though that is the website that comes up when you look up the place on Google Maps.   Our waitress was great, but the food - not so much. The brownie was the best thing we had. We tried the garlic cheesy bread and it was very bland. I didn't even know that was possible. The vegetable platter came with vegetables that were sitting in a 1/4 inch of butter and fat. I was hoping for a bit healthier vegetables. I like the atmosphere and the staff so I may be back to try the pizza and give it another chance.
Closed
Went there at 7:45pm on Thurs & it was closed (it's not a holiday)--it was Wed 1/10/13.
I had the worse experience there. I'm new to this whole gluten free and I had a few questions. The problem was the guy that was manning the store was on a personal phone call the WHOLE time. So I finally started to leave and he stopped me to wait. By this time I was pissed and said no an left.
If you like a large volume of bland, generic food then this is your place. If you like flavors other than fat, sickly sweet, or creamy, steer clear!    I had a craving for traditional Italian pizza. Since this place is just down the road, we decided to give it a try. My hubbie and I had the coconut shrimp skewers, which were deep fried beyond recognition and came with a side of citrus-flavored high fructose corn syrup. We then shared a pizza which had a small spoonful of sauce in the center of an oddly sweet flat bread type thing, which in no way resembled pizza base, and it came slathered in oil, ick!    The service was average, if you consider inattentive to be average. The waiter seemed to be on another planet, and couldn't distinguish lunch from dinner.  Not recommended.
Food was good when we finally got it.    Service was inconsistent from beginning to end.  We arrived about 9pm and we were aware Sammy's closes at 9:30.  We stepped in and I counted 5 parties and 3 of which looked to be finishing up.  There was no host present as we entered.  We stood around expecting someone.  I made eye contact with some of the staff but no response.  Of the maybe 9 employees there, we were not attended to for 5 minutes until someone manager looking comes from the back to seat us.  We quickly order some drinks and soon after order an appetizer and the main entrees.  At no time were we given any warning that time would be of any concern.  The appetizer comes in a reasonable time.  We finished off the appetizer in about 10 minutes.  We sat around talking for another 10 minutes and wonder about our entrees (pizza and salmon dish).  At this time there are only 3 other parties in the shop.  One of which was employees eating their dinner.  We finally get an update from our server saying the entrees will be another 2 minutes.  We wait another 5 minutes and I notice finally the manager like guy ask about the order.  Probably because I kept staring at him eating his dinner.  We get another update from our server saying it will be 3 minutes.  The server finally says at this point that the oven was "off" and had to heat up .  At this point we had already considering leaving.  We hesitantly agreed.  We get the food finally 5 minutes later and as I said was fine.    Come bill time I would have expected another apology for the delay or even a comped item/discount.  But got nada.  I am just a little frustrated about it since we could have gotten a heads up after we finished our appetizer but we were left there trying to guess for ourselves what was going on.  I understand it was near to closing time but we were given no warning.  We would have likely not ordered a pizza.  Which I don't understand why the oven would have been let to cool off since this is a woodfire pizza place and was not yet closed when we came in.    What would you have done bill time?  Of course we considered to leave no tip but that is not right.  I left a little but not what I would have normally tipped if the service was ok.  Am I out of line?
Sammy's has a good reputation as the familiar place you go to with friends or family, but this location is all wrong.  The food tastes like it's slapped together. No care whatsoever.  The presentation is deceiving because it does look nice.  I've tried the place twice and each time ordered salad and pizza.  The salad is fine. You can't go wrong here just have to buy and stock fresh ingredients. But the pizza is just horrible. The crust is tasteless, the toppings are deflated and molded into the crust, overall I would say it tastes like frozen pizza.
I came here for lunch with my coworkers and the experience was awful. The only good thing I have to say is that the waiter was on the ball with drink refills.   I ordered the Thai Chicken pizza and it was drowned in cilantro. The crust was thin and rubbery as was the cheese. The pizzas are all individual sized so they are somewhat pricey. It's not worth paying so much money for so little food when there are much better places like Mama Luigis and Grimaldi's near by.
I am trying not to be too biased writing this, I do have the reputation of being a pizza snob. I know a few people who rave about this place, I personally just don't understand what the big deal is. This was the second time I have gone to Sammy's and I both times it has been OK. I ordered the New York Style minus mushrooms, I finished my meal so it's not bad food. The place probably has been hyped higher than it should of been. There are better choices in Vegas so I find it hard to recommend.
If i could give 0 stars i would.  I just left here with some coworkers and not one of us was happy with our pizza.  3 of us purchased the thai chicken pizza.  The pizza had so much cilantro you could barely taste anything else.    To top everything off , when i bit into my second slice of pizza the chicken still had a decent sized bone , STILL IN IT.   To give them credit , they did comp my pizza and did keep the ice tea flowing , but honestly i will never visit this location again.    Ive had way better "upscale" pizza at CPK ( California Pizza Kitchen)  Ambiance 4\5 Server 3\5 Food 0\5 Cost 0\5.  Ive chewed 2 pieces of gum and still taste cilantro &  free choking hazard with every purchase act now !
Finally, I try Sammy's!  It was well worth the wait.  We arrive around 7pm on a week night.  The place is pretty steady.  We're seated.  So far, so good.    Our drink orders arrive in a timely manner.  Sip, sip.  Now we have a dilemna, what to order.  I play it safe and get the Garlic Cheese Bread for an appetizer and Caesar salad for an entree.  The fiance orders the Brie Cheese w/Truffle Oil Thin Crust Pizza.  The cheese bread arrives and tastes alright.  Good start!  My salad arrives and looks pretty good--large and fresh.  Bite, munch, chomp, ewwwwwwwwwww.  Looks are deceiving.  I don't know what it was about their dressing but it tasted gross!  Slightly fishy is okay but just gross.  I eat about seven forks-worth to see if the taste would change, nope. Yuck!  The Brie Cheese w/Truffle pizza arrives and looks so-so.  Very bland and overloaded with truffle oil.  Half of it was forcefully eaten.  Our server was pleasant and asked how our food was.  We sincerely replied "It's okay."  She definitely noticed we weren't very happy with the food.  Hmm, kind of disappointing that she offered no remedy.  Later, she asked if she could box up our leftovers but we declined.  She again asked, "Was everything okay?"  We let her know we didn't like the taste of our food, particularly the salad and the pizza.  She apologizes but we  reaffirm with her it's not her fault our taste buds don't agree with Sammy's.  First of all, I really wish she would've offered to substitute another dish since she obviously knew we didn't like our food.  Then, we get our check.  Everything is accounted for, including the wine and two sodas that were ordered.  WTF!  She couldn't even omit the sodas!  Luckily, our bill was small, around $40, all said and done $48 down the tubes.  I should've been a stickler and asked for some sort of compensation but, I just can't be "THAT" person.
Terrible service, came in at 9:27 PM with eight people, place was empty and they said kitchen closes in three minutes and were quite rude!  We left and went to Firefly that was quite busy and had wonderful service and food there!  These place will go out of business because of poor service!
It's not often that I write a negative review. I usually try to find the positives and give a place at least an A-OK. I can't really do that for this Sammy's, unfortunately.  First, the good. I enjoyed the lobster bisque. It had nice chunks of lobster in it, was served at a nice just-barely-too-hot temperature (i.e. room to cool down), and it was creamy and delicious.  That was really the only enjoyable part of the meal. We also ordered a garlic shrimp pizza and a balsamic chicken salad. I couldn't really taste much garlic in the pizza. Actually, the pizza overall was just blah. While it wasn't terrible, it certainly didn't match up with pizza I've had previously at other Sammy's. Perhaps the fact that I was at Grimaldi's just a few days ago didn't help things. Grimaldi's owns Sammy's any day of the week.  As for the chicken salad, it was a huge portion, but it just seemed like it was drenched in that vinaigrette. I couldn't eat much of it before I had to stop. Although we had a lot of salad left over, neither of us wanted to take any of it to go. Strangely enough, the server didn't even ask if we wanted it to go. (Not complaining!)  Speaking of the wait staff, our server was nice enough, but upon entering, it took a while before there was anyone to greet us. We weren't sure if we should just seat ourselves. That's just a minor thing, but when the overall dining experience is sub-par, things like that just stick out.  Walking into Sammy's, I hadn't eaten all day and was starving. Walking out, I was no longer hungry, but I wasn't satisfied either. It's a shame because I remember enjoying the food at the CMYE a few months ago.
I love the food at Sammy's, but my overall experience here was very negative!  I have been to the location on Sahara and the location at Rainbow and 215 and have never had bad service before.  When we first walked in, no one greeted us. It was a Thursday afternoon. About 5 tables inside and no one was on the patio because it was windy. We weren't sure if we should seat ourselves so we stood waiting. I looked at a few servers who passed us by but no one said anything to us. Finally a server told us we seat ourselves. So we asked to wait for a booth they had, it just needed to be clear of cups and trash. The busser literally took 10 minutes to come out. He was very kind, but slow. By now, I was ready to walk out because I work in the service industry. My family member told us we should just wait and see if it gets better so I agreed. We sit and wait yet again. The server didn't come until about another 5 minutes later. She asked if we needed menus. We said yes. So she left, then came back a few minutes later and handed us our menus. The manager was on the phone the whole time while this was going on by the way and looked at us, but did nothing. Our server didn't warmly greet us at all, but said a few words. She just stared at us, waiting for us to order. So I ordered our drinks. She came back with drinks, said nothing. Then asked if we're ready by saying "Ready?" So we decided to order right away after waiting 30 minutes with nothing yet accomplished. The weird thing is that when other people came in after us, the other servers were warm and friendly and actually seated them to the booths. My food came out semi-warm but I ate it anyway because we were starved. Not to metion we ordered my niece her food off the kids menu and asked if we could have her milk after she ate because then she won't eat. The waitress said it doesn't come with a drink and I lifted up the kid's menu to show her. She just stared at us, so I said nevermind. It was really weird. I've ordered take-out a few weeks ago and the hostess treated me better than our server. I always look out for good service because I am a server myself. I would have told the manager at this location about our experience but he was nowhere to be found.  Was very disappointed. Place seemed very unorganized, staff-wise.
They changed the menu!  My server tried to explain the items they no longer had.  When I complained and said I would come less often (i usually come twice a month) my server, Christopher R, decided to just walk away after chirping "It was changed well over a month ago".  The pizza I decided to order was horrible.  Needless to say based on the change in the menu and the horrible service that I won't be going back anytime soon.
Wow truly the worst place you can go to they don't even have the original plain cheese pizza DO NOT COME TO THIS PLACE
They changed their menu. When I asked the waiter if they changed their menu he gave me attitude and said, 'well if you have to ask then obviously we changed it.'  First off, I don't need attitude a nice yes let me tell you what is different, would have been better.   The new menu isn't great. They took off some important items that I liked. The main problem I'm having is they changed their Caesar dressing (one of the reasons I used to go here) and they completely changed their pizza. The crust used to be delicious. Now it's mediocre at best. Their sauce was amazing. Now no flavor. They had good pepperoni and cheese. Not anymore.   The final problem I have is they are picky about their couponing. Basically for two drinking water you can't get out of there for less than $30 with a coupon. Wait staff not as friendly as before. Prices are too high. And not food isn't good. Probably wont go back :/
We came here for a fundraiser for our school. The pizzas are pretty small and bland. the salads are forgettable also.
My high from this place has worn off and now comes the sad part where you realize you won't be back.  Feeling kind of embarrassed, considering my out of town step dad, a total foodie tried it, and thought it was horrible. I couldn't have agreed with him more.  Order take out. Was told to give them 20 minutes. When we got there the food was Luke warm. Once home, it was cold. Duck tacos were drenched in sauce, the tortillas fell apart when we lifted them. Good but not good enough considering how much we paid for something we had to eat with a spoon. I swear, the lobster Mac n cheese has hardly any lobster. Lastly, the pizza was extremely greasy and cold. Making the cheese gross. The only positive were the fries and that's not saying much.  It's sad cause I was impressed with my first visit and the update was a real bummer.
The food quality has gone down over the years, but they have taken on a new low. We ordered the Cesar salad. It was drenched in dressing and the romaine was limp and old, which was evident from the red pieces. The prosciutto pizza with artichoke is what has kept us returning, but even that was a disappointment. The pizza came out stiff and cracked in pieces because it was so dry. The server had the nerve to act like it was fine, stating they now roll out the dough thinner. We had them remake the pizza, which made it edible, but it was not enjoyable like before. We did enjoy the sliders, earning the 1 star. We watched as our server bussed a table, dropping glass on the floor. We were appalled that none of his coworkers came by to help, especially considering the hazard it posed. This place attracts a lot of families with small children because of the cotton candy and messy sundae. Parents beware... When the bill arrived for over $30 it just added to the pain of our visit. We couldn't wait to get out of here!
I don't care HOW good they are, if she really, normally charges $14.00 for SIX of these MINI-muffins . . . That is VERY sad.  What a RIP-OFF!  I could not believe when she brought them out and I saw how small they were.  The first six were 2 1/2" and the second six were even SMALLER, they weren't even 2 1/4" in diameter.    Paradise Bakery has MUCH better muffins, for a LOT less.  Don't waste your time.
Not sure what happened - I stopped by in the middle of the day, during the week.  No "hello" or "welcome", no "thanks", no "good-bye", no "can I get you anything else?".  I think all the cashier/barista said was "OK" when I told her my order of a mint-lemonade and paid.  I think it goes without saying that all else I got was a scowl.  After my order, she kindly set my drink down on the finished drinks area with nary a word.  As a first time visitor I figured out where my drink was, a few minutes later, as she was nowhere to be found to ask "hey, where's my drink??".  The space is decent, though the leather couches have certainly seen better days. Plenty of books to gaze upon while enjoying your beverage, but essentially no other positives as far as I can tell.  I will certainly never return.
This use to be one of my favorite places when it was Mama Java's.  This was the first time I have been in there siince it changed ownership and names.  Place is not nearly the same.  Service was friendly but extremely slow and very disorganized.  I waited in line behind a few people for nearly 10 minutes and ordered a coffee and bagel sandwich.  Got my coffee and had to wait another 5-10 minutes before they even started making the sandwich.  I watched in disbelief as the person who was handling money etc as the cashier started to make my food with his bare hands.  This is a major health code violation (cross containimation) so I requested my money back.  They have also raised their prices and it was way overpriced in my opinion.  Not the same experience I use to have when it was Mama Java's.  I recommend statying away and  will not be returning.
Usually really good cappuccinos, and their baked goods are pretty good.  But they need to clean out their toaster and stop burning toast.  And this last time the cappuccino was terrible - bitter, too hot, terrible foam.  I brought it back and not only did the barrista give me excuses about how its so busy in the morning (a ridiculous excuse because we always come in the morning, and it wasn't that busy), and then had the gall to charge me to get a regular drip coffee.
Most expensive iced coffee and baked goods in the city. $7.00 for an iced coffee and a cookie ($3.50 each), and then the internet wasn't even working. It was quiet when I went, mid afternoon on a weekday, so if the internet had been working it would have been a fairly pleasant place to study. As it was, and given the inflated prices, I won't be going back.
Clearly I ordered the wrong thing judging from the other reviews.    I had the Chicken sandwich and fries.  The best part was the bread, which was delicious.  Fries were cold and soft.  I'm not sure if that was on purpose or not.   I like the concept.  Would probably give this place one more try with a different menu item.
Service sucks and food takes WAY too long.   Unlike the drawn out, obviously affiliated reviews on Nourish, I will give it to you straight. I am a resident at Optima Camelview, the condo complex in which this restaurant is located. I've been there a total of 3 times. The first time I came in, I placed a simple to-go order for a salad. It took them 5 minutes to enter my order into the computer, and another 20 minutes for the salad to come out (a salad without any type of grilled meat) even though the restaurant was empty. Ok, they just opened, I let that one slide. Both the second and third times were very similar. The third time, today, my father and I came in and ordered two soups TO START and a salad and a burger. It took 35 minutes for any food to hit the table and it all came out at the same time. Soups were barely warm, burger was well done (asked for MR) and waters were empty the entire time we were waiting. We even said something to the server and nothing was done. If the owner (who was in house) would have at least said something to us, it could have stopped me from writing this review. I HAVE SERVED FOR MANY YEARS IN EVERY TYPE OF RESTAURANT and have never seen such disorganization and lack of customer service. Don't give these people your money.
oyy a miss for me on this one!   I heard about Nourish a few weeks ago and have been meaning to try it...I happened to be in the nabe yesterday early evening and decided to go in. The place is huge but was completely empty...we were welcomed nicely.   It is vegetarian, vegan, lactose and gluten-free...the menu looked AWESOME - lots of options and great concepts... as I was looking it over, I was already drafting an enthusiastic e-mail in my mind to all my friends who happen to be vegetarian and vegan...and then I saw the note that stands on each table enumerating what nourish is all about:  "everything only sweetened with agave nectar" (omg must come here for lunch tomorrow)  "coconut milk instead of cream" (omg Chrissy's bday party must happen here!!)  "our sweet potato fries our air fried no oil! (July 4th weekend at Nourish!!)  I was having a pretty good time in my head until the food arrived... we started with the garlic/artichoke hummus: disappointing: it was very small and came with three pieces of sad, wilted old and dirty looking cucumbers and carrots. Surprising as a veggie place you would think that the focus would be on the vegetables being fresh, colorful and appetizing! not so!  next the "kitchen sink" salad with grilled chicken - again a huge miss!  veggies were old, wilted and just sad - chicken was NOT grilled rather that white/diced chicken thing with the bad after taste yuck! (I know its not the most original choice but IT IS a veggie place after all so I thought the salad would be the star...too bad it didn't even get into the local theatre school!!!)  my husband ordered the garlic/lemon chicken on quinoa salad - more flavorful than mine... but SO small! yes that's another thing.. the portions are tiny - the entree portions look like appetizers...  Things went from bad to worse when our waitress started ignoring us towards the end... I was still hungry after my sad salad so I ordered some of them air fried sweet potato fries... ehhh... and I asked for some ketchup and it took her 1/2 hour to get it to me - she came out six times - yup SIX doing other errands before she got me my ketchup even though we were practically the only ones in the place...  by the time we paid our check... my " imaginary" e-mail to my friends  went from enthusiastic to delete!  I'll "nourish" myself elsewhere thank you... dinner  and "bachelorette" at my place???
It deeply saddens me to have to write a review like this for a restaurant that finally offers a menu from which I have choices. I am a vegan and self-professed health nut and was very much looking forward to trying absolutely everything on this menu. Now that I've tried a good chunk of it, my heart has drifted from the illusion that a swanky atmosphere and a menu dotted with "gf"s and "v"s will always be indicative of sheer, healthy brilliance. Nay.  My first visit was the height of the romance. I was so excited by the idea of choice that I tried as much as I could on a mildly empty stomach - the confetti veggies, salsa of the day, and mango avocado salad...at the time my enthusiasm tricked me into thinking it was all light and delicious, but as I walked away I had to be honest with myself. There was hardly anything on that confetti veggie salad, the salsa tasted like it came from a jar with some pineapple chunks thrown in, and they forgot to include the "Nourish Energy Mix" greens in my spicy mango avocado salad. This girl likes greens, what do I have to do to get a little leaf around here?  I was willing to clear the slate for my second visit. I wanted to try more items and have a better experience. This is a new joint and I am a new customer, I wanted to be a patron! Nay. To advertise that their bacon has no nitrates but then to use sulfured apricots in the quinoa salad - I don't know how to convey my confusion. The fruit salad looked like it came from the bottom of a bowl that had been sitting for 2 days - pink pineapple and brown kiwi. What really got to me was the "wild rice" - I'm from Minnesota, home of wild rice, and this is not wild rice. This is brown rice with a few wild grains studded throughout and it was so salty that it tasted like it came from a Rice a Roni box. I'm so sad that I wrote that, but it's true!  I'll sign off on a more positive note...the sweet potato fries were delicious and light. I have not tried the sandwiches or burgers yet, mostly because the portions looked huge. But I will probably come back to try one for the sake of having a complete experience. I wish for a better representation of what healthy cuisine has to offer - I know the spirit of Nourish is on the right track. I just hope the deliver catches up.
After so much initial Yelp praise, I decided to drop into Nourish to give it a shot. I'm not a vegetarian or vegan or glucose or lactose free, but I am a pretty healthy eater and enjoy delicious food that also happens to be good for you. Nourish seemed like it fit a great need for its niche -- the only similar place I can think of is True Food -- but it fell flat. For starters, it's a good thing they have flavored waters, because their regular water tasted funky. Salads are very tasty but super small - appetizer portions at entree prices. Sandwiches are a much better value, but you can find better at many other places. The sweet potato fries aren't bad, for being "air fried." Without that caveat, head-to-head against real fries, not so much (and, come on, isn't ordering sweet potato fries over regular ones already being good enough?!). I will say that the dipping sauce that accompanies the fries is delicious! The setting is very casual and comfortable, and the service was great, but it's the food that brings someone back for a second time...and I can't say I plan on returning.
The Beautiful Carin and I have never been confused with health food enthusiasts.  Nevertheless, in effort to broaden our horizons, we decided to give Nourish a spin at lunch a few weeks ago, and see if it might "change our point of view".  I was a little disappointed, frankly.  But then again, I freely admit that I might be an outlier to their target demographic!  Located in the ruins of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon...I mean the Optima Camelview...the place is definitely going for a hip feel...but it just doesn't quite succeed.  Nourish is just so aggressively healthy...from the colors of the dcor to the too eager menu to the very strict tables and chairs and the meager portions...all of them as warm and inviting as a rap on the knuckles from the teacher in the one room schoolhouse where I spent my first few years in the educational system.  The patio, while nice enough, overlooks the desperately deserted inner atrium of the OC on one side, and the street on the other.  We gamely settled into the rock hard and posture correcting chairs (subtly telling us to "sit up straight and eat our veggies...act healthy dammit!") and perused the menu.   We looked and looked and looked, but I couldn't find the chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes (which I consider health food) and Carin looked in vain for some of her favorites (or at least some salad dressing that wasn't essentially flavored water).  We start with a shared bowl of "chili"...all I have to say about that "chili", is that it wasn't.  I ordered a "Salmon Burger"...which I (silly me) assumed would constitute salmon and a bun...but when the menu says "served on a bed of greens" they mean "you just get some lettuce under this thingy...no buns".  I suppose that wouldn't have been so bad if they had given me an actual slab of salmon, like I can get at AJ's grill for $3.00 less...but this was a "salmon pattie"...ground up salmon and fillers (bread crumbs, green onion, chopped pepper, and assorted other crap).  Why did they do that to a perfectly good piece of salmon?  Unless of course it wasn't a perfectly good piece of salmon, but a perfectly good can of salmon!  I don't know...it was just fishy...and not in a good way.  At least it was gluten free!  Carin's "Kitchen Sink" salad was also a disappointment...unless by "Kitchen Sink" you mean a small salad consisting almost entirely of sliced peppers, shredded carrot and cucumber, onions and a little bit of romaine, in a small soup bowl...maybe they have a very tiny kitchen and the sink is quite small...I just don't know and I didn't bother to investigate.  The service was perfunctory, but fine (we didn't get a lot of interaction with our server...he was working pretty hard for the attention of the young lady behind the bar, as well as chatting with a couple of his friends who happened to drop by).  The good news for us is that place was essentially empty from the time we showed up (at 12:30 on a pleasant Saturday afternoon) until we left, so we had a waiter all to ourselves (even if his attention was split between us and his potential hook-up).  All-in-all, this little repast cost us about $40...and we walked out of Nourish feeling not so much "nourished" or "nurtured" or "healthy" as we felt "corrected", "admonished" and "hungry".  Oh well, I tried to be healthy...it's just not in my DNA!
I came into town for a show and was excited to try a gluten free friendly restaurant. I could have not been more disappointed. Since I notice most reviews of this place are very positive and extremely long I'll try to be direct and to the point.  Service was incredibly slow. We waited a long time for food and to pay our bill. I noticed everyone waiting a long time for their food and when stuff came out it was in odd bursts.  Atmosphere was some what pretentious and for the food I ate not at all warranted. Food was uninteresting and mediocre. I ordered the grass fed burger medium rare on a gluten free bun. The burger was preformed and nowhere near medium rare.  They way this place markets itself I was expecting something fresh and well prepared. Instead I got something I'm pretty sure had been frozen in the shape in which it was cooked and brought to me. I wouldn't be surprised if the whole meal was cooked in a microwave. The bun was gluten free bread which is okay someplace that doesn't use the word bun on their menu. My friend's pizza we also compared to frozen pizza cooked in a microwave.  I love food and have eaten at amazing gluten free and other health conscious restaurants  in many cities so I think I can be a good judge. This place failed for me in every possible way except in cleanliness. But if you told me they were cooking frozen food in a microwave in the apartment next door and then bringing it over, I wouldn't be the least surprised.
What a disappointment!!! I was soooo excited to eat at this restaurant, but ended up leaving sad. The portions are so small and completely overpriced.  The food tastes below average, nothing special at all. I heard that they don't really have a kitchen in which they can really cook in, so everything is premade and just reheated in a microwave.  I guess that explains why everything is overpriced.  Please don't waste your time or money trying to eat here.
Terrible service! It took TWO HOURS to have our food served, get the bill paid, and leave during the lunch hour. My coworker's salad was served with no dressing at all. It took the waiter 10 minutes to bring us a balsamic replacement. Unacceptable.  The food was only so-so - the southwestern spicy burger looked like a frozen patty.
The food here wasn't horrible but the service sucked and was very slow. It took over an hour to get our food once seated. Stay away from the pizzas...they are like dense cardboard. The burger was pretty good but overpriced for what it was.
I really wish this place was better - at first glance it's a gluten free diner's dream (I have celiac). Having eaten at Nourish on 3 separate occasions, it's decidedly "meh."  The menu is nicely varied and has a number of excellent options for anyone with specialty diet needs. I really applaud the owner for putting this place together - though the space is somewhat oddly shaped (the entryway is not inviting) they do have an OK decor.  The service however is the breaking point - it is very poor. The food has gotten to me cold 2 out of 3 times, we were rarely checked on by server and they were very slow to get the bill 3 out of 3 times. During lunch hour time is of the essence for working individuals, this is obviously not a priority at Nourish. Additionally, price/amount of food ratio is out of whack on a few dishes, nobody likes to spend a lot and walk away hungry.   They have promised a new menu beginning in April 2011, I hope some of these problems will be addressed then.
To be quite honest, i wasn't very impressed.    I just finished having dinner here with a friend of mine and we were both a bit surprised.  It's a Wednesday night, and slow.  The service was really quite terrible.  I feel bad for saying that because I have been a server and i know how difficult it can be sometimes but, there was hardly anyone in there with us and we never got checked on during our appetizer or meal.  It took forever to get our main dishes and to get them cleared/get our check.  We shared the Healthy mac & cheese as an appi and didn't enjoy it very much despite the menu's description of it being 'full of flavor'.  I ordered the Teriyaki veggie burger which wasn't too bad but wasn't something i think i would ever crave later on.  My friend had the 1/2 chicken and seemed to enjoy it but when i asked her how it was she said she would give it a 4/10-she was just really hungry.    I am inclined to give it an other try from the reviews i've read and order something new next time-but for the moment  i'm thinking i'll be sticking to this opinion for a while.  Will write a follow up if i decide to give it a second try.
Bland and lackluster food that is not worth the price or the wait to get it.  We had lunch at Nourish a few months ago and while we weren't overly impressed, as they do serve healthy food that is in line with our whole foods, plant-based eating habits, we decided to give them another shot and went for brunch a few weekends ago.  I ordered the egg sandwich, which is described as an air-fried egg, avocado, and tomato on a gluten free bagel with a side of sweet potato hash.  As I have never found gluten free bread products to be very mouth-watering, I asked to substitute multi-grain bread in place of the bagel, as the bread had previously been the best part of the lunch sandwich that I'd had.  The server informed me that they were out of bread (how does a restaurant run out of bread when half of their menu items are sandwiches? very poor planning by management) and that the only other item available was a wheat bun, which I opted for.  My husband ordered the veggie quiche, which is described as zucchini, asparagus, caramelized onion, parmesan, and a quinoa crust.   After an incredibly long wait (the restaurant was less than 1/3 full), our food finally arrived.  My egg sandwich was by far the most flavorless breakfast item I have ever consumed.  The air-fried egg had sounded appealing as it would be healthy and not greasy, which was the case, however I didn't realize that this also meant there would be absolutely no seasoning on it or flavor to it at all.  The sweet potato hash was downright disgusting and I only consumed a cube or two of the mushy, flavorless heap that was on my plate.  As bad as my meal was, my husband's veggie quiche definitely won the award for worst breakfast item ever tasted.  The "quinoa crust" which we were looking forward to as we love quinoa dishes, was actually undercooked quinoa mixed throughout the entire quiche with no visible crust present, which gave the whole thing a granular texture equivalent to fine gravel having been poured into the dish.  The vegetables almost appeared to be ground up as there was just an overall green appearance to the egg portion with no discernible pieces of the veggies described on the menu actually present.  The dish in general had a strange taste and the off-putting texture from the quinoa was more than I could handle even in just the one bite that I tasted.  I honestly don't know how my husband even managed to choke down the portion of the quiche that he did.  We also each had two bloody marys while we were there and while each took an incredibly long time to get, the first one was flavorful and seemed to be made "extra spicy" as we requested, however, the second one was flavorless and tasted like watered down tomato juice.  While Nourish has a nice patio and offers a view of the lush foliage present in the complex, these elements are not enough to bring us back after we left with our tastebuds reeling in horror over the flavors, or lack thereof, of our brunch.
The area is cute and the menu is good. Parking was relatively easy.  The restaurant is pretty small but appeared cute and intimate. With all that said, we ordered take out, which was mediocre and waaaay overpriced for what was given.  It really wasn't very good (cold and mushy).  Pretty disappointed.
The first time I ate at Nourish I was unimpressed. I wanted to like it so much that I went back, but I left feeling the same way. I have food allergies and believe that healthy, vegan, gluten free food can and should taste good. Aside from the sweet potato and avocado salad everything my husband or I tried was very bland and unsatisfying. I left wanting more..
If you're looking for a healthy meal with tons of Gluten Free or Lactose Free options - Nourish is your place. I was dining with my friend Michelle who had come off of a massive pig-out stooper and was looking for a lighter, healthier dining experience. I ordered the eggplant Parmesan and it was good although maybe because I am pregnant I couldn't really get into it as much as Michelle was. She had the protein burger and enjoyed it as well. I will say the atmosphere isn't anything special and because of it's size it can be a bit noisy inside. It is tough to access the restaurant because it is located in the Optima in Scottsdale so parking is in the underground garage. The service is great and the friendly staff help make it a pleasant experience it just wasn't a place that I was head over heals for....
The most bland, expensive soup I have ever had.
I was pretty excited to come here. I have been recently diagnosed with celiac disease. They have gluten-free health food, and a LOT of it is vegan. This restaurant specializes in working with food allergies but apparently does not specialize in "flavor".  I love healthy food. Chakra 4 is one of my favorite restaurants, and I love healthy, fresh veggies in their raw form! But they have food that is yummy.  If I wanted rabbit food with balsamic vinegar, well... I could do that! I got the Kitchen Sink salad (had greens, carrots, chickpeas, black beans, jicama, broccoli, mango, and candied walnuts that weren't candied.) that sounded good, but was okay. The roasted butternut squash appetizer quite honestly was the most boring thing I've ever eaten.   I sampled my fianc's food and it mostly tasted like allspice and not much else (he got the quinoa salad, wild rice, and southwestern soup). All I could smell was allspice - I think. It was something pungent.  Truly disappointed. I probably won't prioritize going back there, but I'm willing to give it another shot.  Yawn.
First time eating at this restaurant with high hopes. The menu looked great and for me, it was a gluten-free paradise....until the food came. We ordered the tuscan chicken pizza, it looked and tasted like they popped it into the microwave, void of any taste with a soft, mushy crust. Our friends ordered the salmon with the same results. Luke warm and overcooked. Very cool environment except for the noise level, no acoustics to soften the sound so it's almost impossible to carry on a conversation. Not sure if we'll give this another try, too bad because it's in a perfect neighborhood location.
Service was great. They replaced our ginger spice cocktail coz we cudnt take the strong flavor (although we were Indians used to spices). That was sweet of them.  Overall, after a big bill, We didn't like this at all. Mostly Food was dry and could use some flavor.  Honestly we won't go back. True food kitchen was way better in terms of taste.  Mediterranean patti was too dry, Tuscan chicken sandwich was dry too. Sweet potato air fried chips were great. Kale salad was good too.
I wish the food were better. The food was either way over seasoned or bland. The good things we had were the sweet potato avocado salad and the sweet potato fries. The healthy protein burger was not awful, just boring.
I agree with many of the reviewers....concept great, execution, POOR.  Flavors totally miss it.  Noise level intolerable.  This was our second time there...never again.
We too were excited to come here but were sadly disappointed.  First please be advised it is not handicap accessible.  There are no elevators which lead from the parking garage up to the restaurant and the stairs are very dangerous and extremely hot due to the fact they are metal.  In the restaurant, The chairs are made of wood and are very hard and very uncomfortable.  The menu was hard to figure out for seniors and was not very easy to read or understand for seniors.  Do not believe the wait staff ever, they told us things which was not true for some of there items.  The apricot sauce which comes with the Sweet Potato fries is hot and spicy unlike the wait staff which said opposite, it burned my mouth.  Also the thing they call Vegetable Pasta on the side menu is not pasta, they are lying, it is cold stringy vegetables shaped like angel hair pasta but it is not pasta.... Their mayo if you order it with a sandwich has SOY in it which there wait staff did not even know mayo had soy in it.  The bowls of food are very small, the drinks are very expensive and lots of there items they sell you they get from their own little market rather than cooking it fresh.  The sweet potatoe fries were good but very salty and their grass fed burger was real good but we were disappointed in their flavor which was very lacking and in their whole concept of what they think good food is plus the wait staff not knowing about certain items was a bummer plus they are not too particular about looking nice and presentable as they looked like homeless people - I have never in my entire life ever been waited on my someone wearing a base ball cap so unprofessional.  MY advice make sure you ask about all he ingredients even the condiments as they were wrong about a few of their products especially the ones they grabbed from their market.    The music is a bit too loud and their apple crumble dessert was very good but more for breakfast then a dessert
I live in the complex where this restaurant is located and I'm not too impressed with the entire overall experience.  Service was meh, Food was okay (I had the Rice Bowl which was tasty) but the hummus side was no good.   Hummus was most likely out of date.  I do go back from time to time but I only get the rice bowl and when I don't feeling like cooking and leaving the complex.  The higher price, small portion sizes and overall service makes me give Nourish a less than filling feeling rating.  Take your hard earned cash elsewhere unless you live in the complex, are super hungry and don't feel like leaving to find food.
I was here tonight with a group of 40 fellow convetion goers and the service was terrible.  We waited over an hour and our server never got around to taking our orders.  Many in our party began to help the wait staff bring out drink orders  because it was taking more than an hour.  The staff was very disorganized and got many of the orders incorrect.  We had a pre fixe menu set a week in advance for our group and it seemed they were unprepared.  After an hour and a half of waiting aound several tables paid and left for other nearby restaurants.  Our friends who stayed behind were apalled at the 20% mandatory gratuity.  Overall the worst dining experience many of us have ever had.  Absolutely inexcusable.  They should rename their restaurant Malnourish.
If I could leave zero stars, I would.  Came here with a large group of 40+ for a dinner that was arranged with the restaurant weeks in advance.  When we arrived, they were still clearly unprepared (one of the guys on staff seemed entirely put out that we were there).  Rather than taking everyone's drink orders, they served one table (4-6 people) at a time.  Took almost an hour for my table to get drinks, and after an hour and a half, my table left to go elsewhere to eat because they hadn't even TAKEN our food order yet.    Considering this was a Tuesday night and the restaurant had few customers, you would think they would do a frigging jig about a large party coming in with a guaranteed dollar amount to be spent per head (due to the prix fixe menu that was put together for our group when the reservation was made).  Instead, we left hungry and irritated.
Very uneven experiences!  My friend went to Nourish on Wednesday Feb 15, she liked the food and the service.  So I went with 4 friends on Thursday Feb 16 @ 11:30 and the only good thing I could say was that the setting in Optima is pretty...there was a serious shortage of help!  It took a very long time to get food, which was lukewarm except for burned sweet potato fries, all around us tables weren't bussed, people were very annoyed.  Only 2 waiters to cover all tables, so I can't blame the servers, rather management didn't plan on lunchtime crowds.   I think the menu is way too ambitious, the spinach quiche should be called "bacon quiche" , etc.   BUT again my friend tried Nourish on FRIDAY Feb 17 and said it was great, good service, warm food.  pretty funny, because I see the review by Michael S on the same day.  go figure
Nourish used to be one of my favorite places since I'm gluten free. However they recently changed their menu and it isn't nearly as good as doesn't have close to as many options. The service is so poor on Saturday that it took forever to get our food, our table wasn't wiped from the party before and we'd asked them to numerous times to take care of it and my food wasn't prepared as ordered. Its so sad that such a great gem was reduced to this.
This place is just NOT what it used to be.  Ive tried it twice more, on the hope the bad food and service was a fluke.  Im sad to say they have not redeemed themselves and I wont be back for the ice cold chili (which is dangerous to serve btw), the overpriced little salads, and the rancid nut burgers.  Something happened to this place, it was so good when they opened. I met one of the owners; talented and friendly.  Now even the menu looks like it came from a bad Chinese food restaurant.  :o(
Nourish does serve a niche market for the "freaks" (this is their terminology in jest) at the table who are allergic to nuts, eggs, gluten, corn ... or who want to aim for a vegetarian, vegan, raw, or paleo diet.   I'm just not that in that niche.  If you are in or interested in these niches, you should visit.   Do note, it's on the expensive side.   Food is more nutritious than delicious.
I visited Nourish today with a couple of friends who were on their lunch break. They work in the same complex and have eaten there before, but it was my first time. I work in the industry and don't normally write reviews on Yelp, but my visit today warrants one.  I only noticed two servers on the floor which seemed pretty fair for the number of customers in the building. Besides our table of five, there were two tables on the patio and one other inside, needless to say...it was not very busy, and we were the biggest party there.   The service was curt, but I assumed the two servers on duty were busy taking care of other things so I didn't expect them to check on us every five seconds. Albeit, our server barely succeeded at the basics--our drinks weren't refilled until she noticed they were completely empty, and it took her longer than anticipated to grab our checks. (My friends were on a time limit and had to hunt her down to ask for them!)   She finally brought everyone their checks and we noticed that she added a 20% gratuity to the bill, which baffled all of us. I understand the need for an automatic grat on a party of eight or more, but there was only five of us, and we definitely did not want to tip her 20% for her lackluster service.   I'm still trying to figure out why this happened, as well as if I'll be back again or not.
Took my BFF to Nourish for lunch for her birthday.  We had been eager to try the restaurant - she is vegetarian and we both really like fresh, healthy food - so this seemed like the perfect place.   When we were trying to decide what to get, I asked the server for suggestions.  When I told her I was thinking of the spaghetti and meatballs, she made a face and told me to let her know how it was because she had been scared to try it.  Ummm, scared to try a dish on the menu at the place she works?  Hmmm....  I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs anyway and it was very good.  I am not vegetarian but, I found the dish to be delicious and very satisfying.   My friend ordered the Lemon Basil Pasta and the Air Fried Sweet Potato Fries.  The fries were delicious.  The Lemon Basil Pasta - not so much.  My friend got a few bites into her dish and she couldn't eat any more - said it was way too lemony.  So, I tasted it and couldn't believe it.  It was like they spiral sliced some veggies and then poured straight lemon juice on top.  Not just a little squeeze of lemon - there had to have been a half a cup of straight lemon juice poured on top.  It was lemon juice soup with some veggies.  It was inedible.  So, we told the server who was very nice about it and offered to exchange it for something different but by that point, my friends stomach was so sour, she didn't want anything else.    Then the owner came over and said she heard that we didn't like the pasta.  So, we explained that the straight lemon juice poured over the veggies was just way too much.  She asked us in a very defensive, slightly sarcastic manner if we didn't realize that the LEMON Basil Pasta would taste like lemon?  We were stunned.  Of course we realized it would taste like lemon but, had no idea they would take pure lemon juice and just dump it over the veggies.  The owner didn't offer any apology, explanation - nothing - just walked away.    The server did comp my friend's pasta dish but, I have to say, the owner's reaction was startling.  I follow them on facebook, love the concept of the restaurant, love the classes the offer and had been so looking forward to trying their restaurant but, I was pretty disappointed in the actual experience.
Pretty limited menu. Order a bowl. Try the white tea. Don't order the salmon or the 1/2 chicken... Not worth it.
Food was not impressive and flavorless.  My three bean chili was served cold, so the cheese barely melted.   My friends also felt that their food was mediocre and they both did not finish it.  Service took forever, what was supposed to be a 1 hour meet up lunch took nearly 1 1/2 hours because we had to wait around for our waitress who kept forgetting things... like order!
Love that they have vegan options, love that they are educated about GMO's, food allergies, etc. and, I love their raw burger, well, I used to, I had it tonight and it was hard, like really hard. It used to be DELICIOUS!!! I picked up my food to go and waited quite a bit before anyone even said hello, or took my order. I noticed a couple of customers walk up to the bar to ask for service, one I know wanted more peanut sauce. Before I got my food a mother and son had walked out and they were both shaking their heads. It felt uncomfortable there. I was there a couple of months ago for lunch, had the same uncomfortable feeling but the food was great. And, several months ago I was there with my boyfriend on a Friday night and everything was good, I don't know what's going on. I will give it a little bit before I return, IF I return, I really do applaud the owners of their concept especially on the GMO issue.
I hadn't heard of Nourish until one morning while flipping through the TV channels, I came across a segment on one of the morning magazine shows.  Being Vegan and gluten free, I am limited to restaurants and I'm always looking for something that can fit within my restrictions. After seeing the owner of the restaurant on the show I couldn't wait to try it. Three of us went one night for a birthday celebration.    We arrived at 7:30 pm.  We weren't sure where to go once in the door.  We assumed we were supposed to walk down the long unwelcoming hallway. We did and found a counter and a sign asking to wait to be seated. We waited and waited and waited...all the while we watched two Servers pass us a few times and neither one addressed us.  I wanted to give up and leave but my friend suggested we stick it out a bit longer.  Finally one of them told us to sit anywhere.  We did and again began to wait and wait and wait. Finally our Sever came to the table and handed us menus and walked away without saying a word.  We began another very long wait.  Once again I wanted to just leave but we thought we'd stick it out.  He came back and took our order.  Didn't ask if we had ever been there before and didn't offer to explain the menu.     For our appetizers we had sweet potato fries and the avocado and sweet potato salad.  The fries were good but a bit burned (not sure how that happens with air baking) and the salad was great.  For dinner we had the salmon and a rice bowl.  The salmon was way over priced and dried out and the rice bowl was inedible.  We did not see our Server throughout the meal.   As if the poor service and bad food wasn't enough ...at about 8:15 pm, while there were four tables sat with dinner guests, the Servers put the chairs upside down on top of all the empty tables.  I could not believe it.  While people were still dining!  We were appalled.  New guests arrived and saw the tables and walked out.  I actually took a picture showing our table with our meals and the tables around us with chairs stacked on them.  Forty-five minutes before closing and while people were still trying to have their meals.  NOT GOOD!   I thought that perhaps we just hit this on a bad night but apparently that was the norm.  I had dinner with a friend a few nights later and she shared that she and her husband had a very similar experience at lunch just a couple of days after we were there.  They, like us, will never go back.     Also, on a hygiene note:  clothing is very dirty, especially where people sit.  It is nasty to put a chair on top of a table...people eat their meals on the tables.  Think about that!  I realize that is common for cleaning floors in restaurants but it is disgusting! Especially in a place that's trying to be healthy. I would suggest to move the chairs from under the tables to clean the floors and keep them on the floor.  Never put them on top of the tables...that's just gross!  And if you continue to do it that way, for more than one reason, I would strongly suggest that you not do that while customers are in your restaurant.     A missed opportunity for this restaurant!    Never to return!
Ya know, when you've been there a few times and you've always tipped pretty well they should be able to give you a glass of water and a clean fork.   If you want a pure vegan restaurant, this is not one. There is a high likelihood that the food that prepared your salad and soup was used to prepare someone's steak (as in real animal products are served here in addition to the 'oh, by the way, we're vegan' stuff).   With the attitude of the wait staff (who should be playing professional football or hockey based on his completely unaccomodating demeanor) don't expect a great dining experience.   If you don't mind the greasy cheap implements and the poor wait staff attitude, the very average, unexciting food is sure to put you in the mood...The mood to leave without eating your meal.   This is stuff you can make at home. The flavors are ok. The texture is not epic.  There is nothing that I have seen that gives me a reason to continue paying about 50% more than I should for food I know how to make on my own. Well, maybe the high tech building they occupy is interesting.   Save your cash.  Go elsewhere.  In fact, find a place that is ALL plant based so you won't get sick from the animal fat they didn't get cleaned off of your silverware too.
We used to love this place but they changed their menu and format. Went from 5 star to ECCCH ! Haven't been here for awhile. I have been recommending this place to all my vegetarian friends. Hope they will still talk to me. It is now over priced and very hard for a vegan to find a few choices. Last night corned beef and cabbage special ? WE want our old menu back PLEASE. By for now.
A friend recommended Nourish to me since I'm a "healthy eater" so I had high expectations and really wanted to love this place. Unfortunately, I was deeply disappointed. Not only did the restaurant have uneducated servers and misinformed nutritional tendencies (catering to trendy diets not fundamental healthy eating) but the food was terrible too.   My husband had the grass-fed burger which was over-processed, tough and potentially steam-cooked - it had no browning on the surface and looked almost gray. It was on a horrible brown rice bun that was weirdly textured (it had an odd mouth feel and tasted like styrofoam) and was served soggy (juice that should have been in the burger was all over the plate and the bun was placed directly in the middle of it). I had the grass-fed beef tenderloin salad which was ok but the beef was overcooked and dry, there were some cold onions that were overwhelmingly salty and the dressing was too vinegary. The sangria wasn't good either, it was over-spiced.   The hummus (a side to the burger) was quite tasty but a bit overly-garlicky (and desperately needed pita) and the horseradish mustard was superb.   We will definitely never go back.
Just went to lunch with a co worker who eats a paleo diet. We were super excited to find a place that caters specifically to the paleo diet among other diets and after reading the menu online, felt like there were lots of options that sounded delicious. When I arrived there was parking underground but I was confused as to how to get from the garage to the restaurant. Once I figured that out, we met my friends  whod already been seated, on the outdoor patio and promptly moved indoors to the cool AC. The waitress took a while to take our drink orders and the food service was a tad slow, especially since I had my 4 year old with me and she kept whining about being hungry. There was no bread to keep her quiet during the wait. Their drink selection is very limited. I had a black iced tea with mint and my daughter had to settle for water because there was only unsweetened grapefruit soda and coconut water and iced tea as alternatives to water. They were out of the other two soda flavors and I was told they stopped serving lemonade recent;y. They would benefit from having juice ir things sweetened with cane sugar or honey. Maybe some kombucha? I ordered a chopped grass fed steak with mushrooms with the beet and butternut squash salad, my friend and my daughter ordered the grass fed beef burgers with bacon, one with a bun and one bunless. my friends boyfriend ordered the dame thing as me with the duck eggrolls as his side. When the burgers arrived my friends came without lettuce and onions and my daughter had them so I gave them to her since my daughter wasnt going to eat them. The chopped steak turned out to be a burger. It was decent tasting. A little bland though. I had to add salt which I never do when I go out to eat. The beet salad was super good. My daughter finished her burger but I had asked for a fruit side in lieu of the ones listed on the menu. There were strawberries and blackberries in the plate but the strawberries were brown and I wondered if theyd been covered in balsamic but when I tasted them they were dry, old and inedible. We finished out food which was ok and then she asked if we saved room for dessert and then informed us that the only thing they had left from their dessert menu was a mojito mousse. I figured my four year old would NOT like that option and opted to go elsewhere for dessert. Overall, I would say that this place doesnt warrant a second visit. It was nice to try it out but it was expensive and the food wand service were average at best. I left feeling kind of disappointed.
I am disappointed that they are closed without any signs on the door or message on their voicemail. I loved Picazzo's in Sedona and was excited about one opening here in Phoenix, so I planned an office lunch party for the holiday and was shocked when we went there and saw the lights out and doors locked. Not a good way to keep customers, no matter how good the food is...
I was excited to try the new Picazzos location (I loved this place when I lived in Flag!) but arrived to a sign on the door saying that they are shut down because they didn't pay their rent - wtf?!  It ruined our dinner and a movie night out...
Very disappointing.  We went to Elixir with high hopes given their menu and approach to food.  We arrived and were one of two groups in the entire restaurant.  The waitress was pleasant enough, let us know the menu was limited and would be expanding.  We ordered and it somehow took 35 minutes for basically soup, salads and a sandwich.  By the time 10 minutes had passed we were the only group in the restaurant and it took over 20 minutes for them to tell us they were out of ingredients for one of the orders.  When the food came it was pretty good.  Soup was bland, salad was unexceptional, but the veggie sandwich and thai beef wrap were both very good.  Unfortunately, despite the incredibly long wait time, the owner, who was in the building, declined to come out and say anything to us and even more amazingly told the waitress the best she could do is take 10% off the check.  Most insulting - the waitress said that the owner said we could put our feedback on a comment card!  Wow.  The only guests in her new restaurant and couldn't come out.  Simply amazing.  I can't even begin to wrap my head around that kind of mentality.  She should be begging to come to talk to every guest during her soft opening, whether the food took 35 minutes or not.  Then to not come out and introduce herself under these circumstances - just mindblowing.    We will not be back - I cannot support management with such little passion for their guests. To have a brand new restaurant opening and not want to come out and greet
Wow, had to wait almost 20 mins for a hot sandwich and a minestrone soup to go. If I knew it would have been that long, I think I would have just gone home to make my own lunch.  My boyfriend got the hot beef sandwich. When we got home (not even 5 mins away) it was all soggy and falling apart. The sauce wasn't even on the sandwich yet. The beef was tasty, but nothing spectacular. It came with grapes, a pickle and a hot pepper. He got the sandwich on multi-grain bread which he was fairly disappointed with.  I got a bowl of the minestrone soup (vegetarian). For one, I thought minestrone was supposed to have beans? I'm not crazy about beans, but I'd expect to see a few, especially it being vegetarian.. how do they expect you to get full? This soup was definitely mediocre. The noodles were extremely soggy and mushy! The bowl for $4.99 was more the size of a cup! I wonder how small the cup is..  The prices are outrageous. My boyfriend's hot sandwich, a bowl of minestrone and a iced black tea came out to $19!! Next time, I'm driving up the road to Go Raw Cafe for some better tasting/fresh food, even if it is raw!  The interior decor looks sort of like a mediterranean restaurant. Had some cool looking paintings. But there were tons of shelves with nothing in them. The seating ranges from tiny tables for two, or couch seating for groups. There is also a bar looking area where their a worker making smoothies and drinks.  Overall, not worth the wait or the price.
I hope this restaurant doesn't go out of business soon.  It took forever for the food to arrive that we ended up asking for it to go.  Also, while the staff was in the kitchen, we saw customers come in, wait to be seated, and leave since there was not a proper host/hostess position.  The portions are ridiculously small and not filling in the least bit.  Overpriced, bad service, absolutely no one in the restaurant during lunch hour on a Sunday (besides the other party sitting outside).  Another bone to pick, they list out all the soups on their menu and do not specify that they only have one soup of the day.  Bleh.  Save your pretty pennies for a real organic cafe.
I read the reviews about waiting 20 minutes for a sandwich, but I still wanted to try this place because they have Boba smoothies. One would think a smoothie would take 5-10 minutes. I waited OVER 30 minutes for a drink! The owner tried to justify this by saying they cook their boba fresh.   I ordered a chocolate banana smoothie, which has chocolate, banana and strawberry. The smoothie was really good minus the fresh cooked Boba. I slurped around them. If you're used to Boba you get from a traditional Bubble teashop, skip theirs.  Good product, but not worth the wait. Many options within 1-3 miles.
Even if the food is made by Iron Chef i would never come back here. Only 2 tables and it took them 1 hour to serve the food. Waste of money. And after all the wait the food was not made correctly. I can make a better burger at home. Don't waste your time going.
slooooowwww awfully slooooow to the point of behind hysterical laughter, like we were laughing at first, then it became downright retarded.  We ordered smoothies, after about 40 mins we cancelled our smoothie order, and just ordered some waters...the smoothies never showed up.  We sat without a drink for 40 mins prior to that, not even a water, or being asked if we'd like something else to drink. no attempt at all and probably no notice at all that we had nothing to drink.  There was 7 of us, they messed up all of our orders, AND we were supposed to get chips with our sandwiches.  After an hour & a half of being there we *finally*  got our food. No chips. After inquiring about the chips, the waiter did agree we were supposed to have chips on the side somehow he had missed this when he was bringing us the food. Then  we were told they were totally  out of chips.  Instead we got 7 grapes in a cup. No attempt to ask us what we'd like instead, fries, salad something.  It was awful.  Unfortunately this place has good food. It's poorly managed and the waitstaff is horrible.  I'll never go back. I'd suggest unless you have 2 spare hours you skip it as well.   They also have no music on or TV on in this place at all. IT was so quiet you could hear a pin drop.
Went here with our groupon and was very excited bc they have gluten free options. There was no hostess and 2 waitresses who just looked at us. So we kept standing there with two little kids until we finally decided to seat ourselves. Our waters never came. Once the food came, she never came back to the table. They were out of the GF vegan desert. and apparently we accidently ordered outside of the "groupon" menu and were charged for it. I asked her why she didn't mention this to me when I was ordering and she just kinda mumbled.  Took forever to get our bill. No one said goodbye to us. It was awkward, too bad bc the food was ok.
They obviously have good intentions here but there is just too much to complain about. Firstly, the interior decor is extremely drab and depressing.  Yeah, that's just my opinion, but I can't be the only one. Also, on a 75 degree day in Vegas, the temperature inside was way too hot. Even my wife who is never warm noticed it. The tables are too small, and the couches are creepy looking. We ordered smoothies and I swear they must have grown the fruit trees from scratch in order to make them, they took FOREVER to come out. They were good, though. We ordered the "hummus delight" appetizer and even though the hummus was good, there wasn't enough of it to adequately eat it with the sides. My wife ordered the Greek salad and there was no feta cheese. What?!?!  That was a first and it made the salad so-so at best. I got the spicy beef panini and it was really good, but it looked as though they had some trouble with the panini press because it was a bit burnt and had pieces of other sandwiches on the bread.    So, overall, the food was good but it took so looooong to get it out that it really marred the experience. Add that to the depressing decor and the high prices and I won't be back.
If there could be a no star rating, or a negative stars, I would give it to this establishment. My friend and I wanted to try this place since we had a groupon. We decided to stop by after our pilates class. We didn't realize they were about to close, but I know we didn't deserve hearing the cook in the back become upset and curse because he thought we were going to stay and eat. So my friend and I ended up leaving without ordering anything because we felt rushed, and we already had one employee (cook in the back with tattoos on his neck) basically feel unwelcome. Groupon or no Groupon, forget it, I will not be going there ever!
As Misti, our Las Vegas CM, mentioned you could come here and chill and read a book and have some food or a beverage.  However,...   The atmosphere is less than desirable. Yes, there are couches. Yes there's some tables. But the place needs more color and sound. I asked the manager to put on some music in the future. They had a movie playing on the TV when I arrived. Totally not a movie I would associate with Elixir, mindful eating or general well-being. Like,... put on a surfing movie at least. Not National Lampoon's European Vacation!  The space reminds me of a cafe that used to be in the Lower Haight in San Francisco called, "Common Ground." The coffee was good. The music (which ranged from Reggae to Indy-rock) was decent and there were some good food choices. This place needs to embrace their cafe/ lounge attitude and play some darn music!  The Caesar salad was fair. The blue cheese burger was overcooked like... well, well done, and I wasn't asked a temperature by the server. The server didn't bring enough setups and I was given the reasoning that the table was small so they try to conserve. Um... utensils are utensils. I need them to eat.  Some things should just be a given when it comes to service. I think she saw two entrees ordered and brought just two setups because of it. But.... there were 3 of us. And yes, I had to ask for an extra plate. Good service should predict a customers needs. This place needs some serious training.  Back to the food... as someone else said, they have good intentions. I liked the choices of bread, meats and veggie options for their burgers. Presentation of the food needs some work. Right now, I might as well be at the Waffle House and not a healthy choice restaurant.  With competition like Greens and Protein and the Raw Cafe, this place is going to need to pull it together with their atmosphere, service and food in order to stay in the game.
I would give this restaurant 1 star, but the food itself was not too bad, so I am giving it 2 stars.  We found this restaurant via Groupon, so we decided to give it a try.  I will say this:  the food options are great for anyone who is trying to eat healthfully.  That is the only positive I can mention.  The service is some of the worst I've ever encountered.  We waited 7 minutes or so just to be acknowledged at the front door, and I finally flagged down a girl w/ dreadlocks & kneesocks, who rudely said "I'm not your server, but I'll find you a table".  Wow - Thank you so much for doing your job!  After being sat, we waited and waited....and waited until finally flagging down our server.  she was the only server working, but the restaurant was not even busy - she had maybe 3 or 4 other tables but seemed completely overwhelmed.  We placed our entire order (since we were only there during our lunch hour) - and also because we weren't sure when we'd see her again.  The hummus arrived, and I will admit: it was delicious.  HOWEVER, the portion size was absurd - It was barely more than 2 tablespoons of hummus on the plate.  Give me a break!  We got the lemongrass chicken wrap, which I would definitely go back for (for takeout only) - and we also ordered the italian sandwich, which was just OK.   The ambience in Elixir is awful - It's a nice-sized space with potential, but is decorated in a way that makes it look tacky, cold and unwelcoming. Ick. I would never eat in this 'restaurant' again, but would consider getting takeout, because the food itself was pretty good.  The service, on the other hand, is embarassing and I would be shocked if they were still open this time next year.
I made a yelp account just so I can give this place a one star. I had a groupon so I came here with my sister. We first waited at the front door for a minute while they were talking in the backroom. I even said/yelled a hello nd I had to finally go to the bar area and then when this asain waitress saw me she came out. After being seated we got some menus, nd as it was my second time giving this place a chance AGAIN they did not have half the menu. the drinkS ( plural )  nope. Asked for less ice and the reply was you will get it in a smaller glass then, the burger i wanted nope, oh even the chips and salsa that are suppose to come with the food they didnt have. Apparently they were serving fruit with a BURGER today. Hmmm one strawberry nd pickle literally half the size of my pinky. Nice excuse of being out of that also, not substituted with fries which is an extra cost with the burger but one strawberry, are you not suppose to put the customer first. Then my sisters food came with a hair in it nd we told our server nd of course the server compares the hair size to my sisters. Are u kidding me. After the food we presented the groupon to the asain waitress who looks at my sister like we stole the phone nd asks for id. I would give it no stars if I had an option. That lady is straight out rude, i think she owned the place because she was on her phone and laptop the whole time  in a corner, no service what so ever. NEVER AGAIN WILL I COME TO THIS PLACE. I WOULD RECOMMEND AGAINST IT IN EVERY WAY. The food ( Cajun Burger ) had no flavor to it at all. There was bland meat and one portion somewhat in the middle that tasted somewhat cajun but thats it...
This place is absolutely terrible.  My mom is a bit of a health-nut and took Dana and I for lunch here one day and it was UNBELIEVABLE how bad this place fails on all levels.   We walked in and the place was relatively empty, save for one table of two women sitting in the back of the restaurant. The waitress sat us down and left to get us menus...and five minutes rolled by. She asked us what we wanted to drink, left the table and another ten minutes rolled by while we waited for those. She came back and we placed our order...thirty minutes later the waitress returned with our food.  I understand that fresh food sometimes takes a long time to prepare, but this was outrageous because all we ordered was three burgers. If I remember correctly, Mom had a Vegan burger, while Dana and I had a good old-fashioned beef burger. I'll go on the record right now as saying that this was one of the worst burgers I had ever had. I ordered a "Cajun Spicy Burger," but there was nothing spicy, nor flavorful about it. The menu stated that the burgers come up with blue corn chips and mango salsa, which they did....five blue corn chips and a dixie cup-size Mango Salsa, which was also not especially tasty. At $9.99, these burgers were overpriced...especially because they didn't even come closing to filling any of us up.  Long after we had already finished eating, the waitress came and took our plates, and after another wait, we received the check. Leaving this place was a DREAM.  I can only speculate that our bad service was the Elixir Cafe's way of punishing us for not ordering all veggie burgers or taking any shots of wheat grass. If I want a burger, I'll take my business to Bachi Burger, Sliding Thru......even McDonald's  before I come to this joint again.
We went here on a groupon deal. First, they are out of lots of things on the menu. We tried to order 6 different things total that they were out of. The hummus was ok, I can make better at home. The pita bread was delicious! We both ordered a grass fed beef burger, it tasted preformed and frozen with absolutely no flavor. The baked fries were seasoned nicely and pretty tasty though they were soggy, the blue corn chips were pretty bad. We were the only 2 people in the place on a Sunday afternoon, and the service was extremely slow and not very helpful. We wouldn't go back.
Very slow!!!  My boyfriend and I have been twice.  Each time was almost the same experience.  We walked into an empty place. It was almost like twilight zone. Seemed like the staff was irritated to even be there. Not very welcoming.   The food was great! That's why we went back the second time.  I loved the veggie wrap and my boyfriend enjoyed the vegan Philly cheesesteak.  The sides that came with were skimpy!! I got 4 grapes, a tiny pickle, and a pepper.  My boyfriend had 5 chips and a tiny salsa in a 2oz cup. Maybe they have to ration between all 4 patrons that were there? Ha!  We shared the vegetarian spring rolls which we thought were fantastic!  Bad: slow, slow, slow, pricey Good: food tastes great  We may not go again, finding an extra 90 min to grab a quick bite will be difficult.
I bought a groupon for elixir back in April. I usually always yelp before I groupon but of course this time I didn't. Lesson learned! When I finally did my research & saw all the negative reviews, I chalked it up to them being a newer business & figured I would wait a while for them to work out the kinks out before giving them a shot. Silly me, thinking that this business owner might pay attention to yelp & surely the types of issues people were talking about would be dealt with.   Well, fast forward 4 months to this past Thursday when the hubby & I finally got a chance to give this place a try. We walked in a little after 5pm to a completely empty restaurant. I tried to push aside any lingering doubts & keep an optimistic attitude. The sign said please wait to be seated but the lady behind the juice bar didn't so much as glance our way or acknowledge that we had even walked in. We started walking towards a table while asking if it would be ok to sit down. I think she grunted or something but definitely did not give a clear answer. We sat down & waited for her to bring over a menu, say hi, smile, something!! Nothing. She continued to clean or do whatever it was she was doing behind the counter & then finally brought over some menus after close to 5 minutes. Sorry to put you out!   She took our drink orders, water with lemon for me & a sugar cane soda for hubby which she said they were out of b/c Whole Foods was out of it. Um, ok. He asked for just water with lemon too. We also ordered the Vietnamese spring rolls as a starter. I noticed that it came with a choice of dipping sauces but she never asked which one we wanted & hurried away before we could tell her. She came back with the 2 waters, no lemon. I asked for some lemon again & she came back with a tiny wedge of lemon in a filthy little bowl (pic attached) which I unfortunately didn't notice until after I had squeezed the lemon into my water :/ Then I realized we had no place settings therefore no napkins to wipe my lemon-juice covered hands on. I got her attention & asked for some napkins which she brought over, but again like I was putting her out.  A couple minutes later, she came back to take our dinner order. I asked if I could have my chicken sandwich on a multi-grain bun to which she replied "that's what it comes on" The menu has several different bun options listed, so I'm not sure why that is the default bun for that sandwich. I guess if I had wanted another type of bun, they would have been out of it.   Another 10 minutes or so & she brought out the spring rolls with a sweet chili sauce. Still no silverware so I guess it was good it was finger-food. We asked if we could get some of the peanut sauce instead & she informed us that they don't have peanut sauce. I mentioned that I had noticed it on the menu & she said "oh yeah, the manager is really bad about updating the menu" Way to call out your manager! O.O  We finally got our dinners after another 20 minutes or so. Cobb salad wrap for hubby, Mediterranean grilled chicken sandwich for me. Hubby's came with 4 grapes, a tiny pickle & a pepperoncini pepper. Mine came with some mango salsa &, no joke-I counted, 7 blue corn tortilla chips.   The food itself was pretty good, albeit a little pricey for what you get. I'm glad we had the groupon! I wouldn't mind going back to try other things on the menu but you could not pay me to go back there & sit through another dinner that was as awkward, uncomfortable & slow as that was.   I usually don't discount a place on service alone & always understand that people can have bad days. Yes, even a waiter/waitress!  But when I see yelp review after yelp review stating pretty much the same thing, I get a little ticked off. If some business owners took the time to read through reviews & fix the problems that are glaringly staring back at them, more businesses would succeed!
So far I have had two poor experiences here and I still have yet to eat here. The first one was with Lisa L when we came in shortly before closing and were given nothing but expletives from the cook who then decided to make a lot of noise closing the kitchen. The cashier said "sorry" in the least apologetic tone and didn't seem to know what to do or care. Needless to say, we left pretty upset. I came by again on Wednesday at 11:45 to find the place closed. The sign says closed on Mondays. There were employees inside ignoring us. The only thing I can think of for why it was closed was the rain but that doesn't make much sense since every other establishment in the center was open. I have yet to use my Groupon which expires next week and after the last few questionable and annoying experiences, the only reason I'm going to bother is the fact that Groupon probably won't refund me at this point.
This place is awful!  I had a groupon that was going to expire today, so I decided to swing by on my way home to pick up something for lunch.  I'd been really wanting to try it because of the vegan options (I had not checked yelp reviews- lesson learned), but I was very short on time, so I wanted to get my food to go. Having never been there before, I needed a minute with the menu. The girl behind the counter was less than friendly and never stopped to actually listen to my order.  I literally had to follow her and she never really acknowledged what I said except to tell me that the kitchen was really busy and it was going to take about 30 minutes to get the humus plate and veggie wrap I ordered. Busy?  There were two tables occupied in the entire place!? But okay, whatever.  I was already there, starving, and gone through the ridiculous chore of placing an order.    Then, when I showed her my groupon, she said that it was, " dine in only." the best part is her explanation that it was due to the extra cost of take-out packaging.  Unless they're wrapping in cashmere, I really don't see how a 10 cent piece of plastic could possibly cost more than serving food on a plate you then have to pay someone to wash.    So, I said fine, bring it on a plate, but I'll just have to ask for you to box it up because I had a repair man coming that I needed to be home to let inside.  Her response?  "my manager is right there and she's pretty strict about it.  And she'd catch on to what you were doing.". Excuse me??  And what exactly would she do about it?    I just left and will never go back. There are plenty of other great restaurants with fantastic vegan food in this city.  I have no desire to waste my time or to in any way contribute to the existence of such an insulting and rude establishment.
This was the most interesting restaurant I have been in. Place sucks. The food was like it was made in a microwave by a 8 year old. Super expensive for some really bland, boring food.  Just because its vegan/vege does not mean it has to be terrible.  The decor is 100% salvation army, pieced together from a thrift store!  I used my groupon, paid an additional $20 and went to baja fresh after.  And it took an hour
I'm baffled how this place is still in business. My first time I came here with a groupon, the entire place was empty except for my friend & I. We ordered a couple things, all were decent, nothing mind blowing, so when the groupon came up again, I was reluctant to get it, but since my friend is vegan, this was a close lunch spot for us. This time around however, things are different. Again, the place is empty. The ambiance/atmosphere is really strange, a large room with old lady furniture & couches, and outdoor patio furniture for their tables. I ordered the hummus platter, the cucumbers were soggy & watery in the middle, the celery was old looking as well, they were hard at the ends. The hummus wasn't that great, I didn't know it was flavored (I prefer plain old hummus) the only thing good was the pita bread. I ordered the turkey burger, I was expecting ground turkey, but what came out was an actual piece of turkey that had been on a panini machine, it was dry, gross and inedible. I still had some money left to the groupon so since I didn't eat my burger I ordered a mango lassi (which tasted like crap, NOTHING like a mango lassi, like ice and greek yogurt) she then informed me that the groupon was for dine in only and I wouldn't be able to take the smoothie I would have to drink it here. Are you kidding me? Uh okay. I watched several people come in after me, and what a long time to be served. I don't foresee this place lasting. I know I won't be returning.
This restaurant is NOW closed. OUT-of-Business. R.I.P.
I was expecting a cute cozy cafe with fresh gluten free yummies, but that is not what this is.  It's just a bunch of  frozen baked goods.  I bought the bagels and almost fell over when my total for 4 bagels was over $8.  Hoping that they would be amazing, I tried them today and they were terrible.  Too squishy and salty.
Not so sure what the fuss was about but I was asked to go pick up something here and really got BLAH service from the young man who really could not answer my questions. I did not eat the stuff but the person I picked it up for was disappointed that it was frozen - not fresh and dry.
Don't own a gluten free shop if your not gluten free yourself. Old guy could not answer any questions about gluten free products and any possible symptoms. The whole place is one giant freezer. Let us buy the stuff fresh and we can freeze it on our own. Uninviting atmosphere in rundown strip mall.
After my Humberto's debacle I stopped in at Two Hippies to satisfy my taco craving.  I ordered 3 carne asada tacos, chips and Woodstock lemonade.  I loved the lemonade...it was kinda slushy, sweet and still tart.  The owner was very nice and the place was very cute.  She said the chips were made fresh daily.  I didn't find them to be anything spectacular...a little dense and not very salty.  The salsa was very good though.  I ate 1/2 of one taco and had to throw the rest out.  The meat was gray, chewy and tasteless.  The remaining ingredients were fine (cillantro, cabbage, tortilla, etc.).   Go if you're starving or try something different...maybe the chicken is tasty or a burrito will be better.  Skip the carne asada though.
I was excited to try this place and it looked really cute when we walked in.  We took our tacos to go and when we got home we were really disappointed.  We both got 3 taco plates... chicken and carne asada.  The chicken was dry and the carne asada was unflavored beef.  Overloaded with vegetables and most flavor was the onion on the taco.  I really hoped it would be great, but it wasn't.
I believe they are not here anymore. Stopped by and it's a different restaurant
Closed
This place doesn't compare to the Two Hippies on 16th St. This place seems to always be empty or closed. The staff is not as friendly either. While I was there another couple came in and waited 5 min before they got any service and then left empty handed. Just a word of advice you need to make sure every customer leaves with something if you expect this place to remain open. I live 3 blocks away from this one and will drive to 16th St. one if I'm in the mood for Hippies again.  7/14/2011 Steph H who is one of the owners who wrote a review above mine I'm sure to get the ratings up, which Yelp frowns upon if you read the print in the comment block.  Steph H sent me an email because she didn't like what I saw with my own eyes and simply stated my OPINION which is what Yelp is about simply stating ones OPINION of ones vistit to ones business. Anybody knows business 101 the customer is always right.  With todays economy Steph H you should be doing everything possible to make sure all your customers are satisfied with there visit to your establishment.
The fish tacos + flavored lemonades are AWESOME.  The fish tacos are grilled + creamy, not fried or crunchy.  The list of flavors for the lemonade are ENDLESS (think beyond your basic berries, they've got prickly pear, mango, even blood orange!)  I've also had the chicken burrito and i wasn't really feeling it.  Both the rice + beans in the burro were undercooked and ended up just being hard little rocks.  I'd rec this place if you're looking for bombass lemonade, not chicken burritos. :P
Not a fan! Expensive and small portions! Combinations would be nice. My wife has an allergy and she can only eat off there Gluten Free menu. That is why the wife loves them. rice and chicken is cheap to make and they charge $14 a small plate. $4 for 2 egg rolls is a joke and that's happy hour price. I guess it will a ladies place from now on.  I only went because I received a gift card. I knew of these issues 10 years ago. It's not better!
Maybe it's me.  Maybe it was just bad luck.  But I've gotta say, our last (and unfortunately it will probably be exactly that) visit to PF Chang's was just horrible.  Service was slow as always, mainly because the place is typically packed with people.  No problem.  We weren't in a hurry and patiently waited the 30 minutes necessary to get a table.  Our server was attentive and had a fun attitude, so no problem there either.    It was the food that was just unacceptable.  Overpriced for sure, but poorly prepared too.  Orange Peel Chicken was soggy and tasted like it was a three-day old left-over pulled from fridge and reheated in a microwave (really).  My son ordered the salmon and we had to send it back not once, but twice due to being undercooked.  The center was literally raw both times.  The last straw was when one of the junior "managers" came to the table to say that, "We cook the salmon that way on purpose."  Really?  As if it was sushi?  Wow.    Sorry guys, you are just not worth it.
I purchased To Go a Moo Goo Gai Pan and a Sesame Chicken yesterday. So much is wrong with PF Chang's. First, the amount of food was not worth $30.00. Second, the Sesame Chicken is noted on your menu as "spicy". Not even close...it actually had NO flavor. Last, the Moo Goo Gai Pan sauce was actually water. Absolutely no flavor, no sauce was added. It was tasteless and awful. Panda Express way better and much, much cheaper. You've been warned.
I get very frustrated with restaurants that have misguided management practices... With PF Changs, they will make you wait 15 to 20 minutes minimum even if the restaurant is empty.  The management of this mediocre restaurant chain seems to believe by making every guest wait, it ads an air of exclusivity or some sort of scarcity mentality of desirability to their marketing efforts.  They pulled this nonsense on my wife and I today and we walked out, went next door to BJ's and were promptly seated, despite their restaurant being far more busy than P. F. Chang's.  Back when P.F. Changs was briefly the trendy and cool place to go, I enjoyed the food and service, but now that the bloom has worn of the rose and they still try this nonsense of making customers wait, despite available seating, they are just annoying and very trailer-park in atmosphere.  Avoid this restaurant, it is a charade of a business that it once was and does not merit putting up with their silly seating practices.
About a month ago we went to the Mesa PF Changs for dinner...... Long story short, the service was mediocre and disappointing at best.  We paid the bill and a manager walked over, knowing we were dissatisfied with the quality of service and food, handed me a card for a free appetizer to redeem on our next visit.  So they were not willing to compensate us for THIS miserable visit, but they were assuming we would want to come back. Hence the coupon.   I took it and we left. About two weeks later, my son asked my husband and I to pick up dinner for him on the way home from our date night. We went out to another restaurant for date night, but my son, requested that we pick up PF Changs for him.  My husband and I go in and sit down at the bar to order the meal to go. We both ordered cocktails while we looked over the menu. We ordered my son a $15.00 meal to go and had a bar tab going at this point. We were stuffed from dinner, but I remembered I had the free appetizer coupon in my purse. I pulled it out and asked the bartender if there was any way we could use it for a little dessert instead of an appetizer since we were not hungry for dinner. He called over the "manager"  Matt.   We explained to Matt that we would love to use our "shitty service coupon " on a dessert instead of an appetizer. With the most condiscending tone and attitude he says "Oh sorry that can only be used for an appetizer." So, confused at Matt's stupidity and aloof attitude and nonexistent customer service skills ( HELLO IDIOT!!!!!!! Do you not even wonder how we got the stupid free food card in the first place!!!)  You think possessing that card would be a red flag that states "TAKE CARE OF THIS CUSTOMER!!!!!".  So, after mulling over Matt's ingnorance over not giving me a $4.95 dessert, that probably costs them $1.00 to make, I ordered the most expensive appetizer on the menu, $10 shrimp. We had it wrapped up to go.   My husband and I must have been obviously miffed, and I still am not sure how the slick and perceptive bartender relayed the message to Matt,  but as we were paying our bill for the drinks and my sons food, Matt walks up to us and says, "Can I get you two a desert, and Recommends the banana egg rolls, which are, I must admit fabulous!!!!  We both looked at him like the wacko that he is and said "No thanks, we are just leaving."  So, to recap, We had a miserable visit, they tried to compensate with a coupon for our next visit, but on our next visit we left more aggravated than on the initial miserable visit.  Hence this lengthy review..... Customer service is common sense based. You either possess it or you don't .   I have no desire to ever return to this location. Too many fabulous places to eat and spend my money with people who appreciate my business and who realize that Customers like me are the ones who keep them working!!!!!   Ugggg! Even more frustrated that I just spend 30 minutes of my life writing this review .  I hope it saves some other poor soul the trouble of eating at this location.
My experience was like the others posted here.  Went to the Mesa location for the first time Saturday night.  Haven't really had the urge for Changs but I had a gift card to use.  Sit down... notice how small the restaruant is compared to the other Changs, weird.  And they sat us at the little two-seater in the middle of the room, I hate that! Anyway, about 10 mins later, no server in sight, the manager asked if we have had our drink order taken.  We hadn't, so he took it, by that point we were ready to order and he took that too.  He did apologize for the tardy introduction from our server.  I used to be a server at the Chandler Changs so I know what standards this restaruant holds and let me tell you this location doesn't hold up to them.  The table had food particles left on it.  The chili, soy and vinegar bottles had residue on them.  Hot water and hand soap cleans this up real nice, when I worked there we had to have clean bottles on our table!  Our server comes by with our drinks sets them down and walks away.  Didn't even introduce herself, we didn't know if she was our server or not.  Few minutes later she comes back and drops off the "sauce" and mixes it quickly and explains that by adding more chili sauce it will make it hotter.... that was it!  You are supposed to explain what the sauce is and ask your guests how hot they want the sauce and explain what all the sauces mean.  Or by all means ask them if they have ever been to the restaurant before and by chance you won't have to explain it because your guests already know what it is.  She was lacking on the communication.  Food comes, just okay.  Not the taste I remember from my days of working there which is why I rarely go to Changs anymore.  Very pricing.  Kung Pao Scallops were $17.95, they used to be $12.95, Wow!  Crab fried rice was not to my liking.  The "server assistant" or busser (whatever they are called nowdays) refilled our drinks but not quickly.  He brought us new ones from the kitchen instead of refilling them with the pitcher (it was ice tea) not sure why... but it took forever. Won't bother with this place again.
Had supper here thursday night, Feb. 7, 2013.  Food very bland, you can do better.  Service: 4 stars (our waitress was very attentive)  Ambiance: 3 stars (casual setting, a bit noisy) Cleanliness:  3 stars (appeared to be clean and well kept) Food: 1 star (factory food, bland, all tasted the same, soggy shrimp)  Price: 2 stars (while not the cheapest the prices are mid-range)
One of the worst dining experiences in present memory. I took my elder parents the store Superstion Springs blvd for my mother's 79th birthday and we could not have had a more miserable experience. First we made reservations for 530, well below a normal dinner rush and was given the worst table in the restuarant next to the kitchen.  Not only was it next to the kitchen where I was sitting at the table, because they manager/hostess did not give enough room for people to walk by, I was ask three times by the hostess to tuck my seat in so they could get people by.  Here is an idea chose a different route through the restaurant.  secondly as we were next to the kitchen I was bumped twice by the servers swinging around the corner, while they apologized this should not be happening.  Furthermore busing of our table was nonexistant as I stake dishes that sat for at least 5 minutes each time as multiple servers and managers walked by the table. Top it off with the food was cold and I had to send it back to get reheated. Where the manager broguht it back who was poitnless. I worked in the rest industry for years in every facet and this one of the worst run experiences I have had in a long time. We set a rez we should in turn be given a table that is at least middle of the road not the worst and having our food come out cold, my mother was to proud to sen dit back it unforgivable. I take clients out to lunch on a regular basis and 2-3 times a month I will take them to a PF Changs as it is good suburban Asian food, I will never take them to a Pf Changs again.  I was goign to refrain from saying anything more than awhat I had alreayd told the staff as we were leaving but having lunch with my mother today and hear express how unhappy she was with her birthday dinner, as shed said at least the company was good. Horrible experience
Pork dumplings pan fried. You won't regret it.   We have come to this P.F. Changs a few times and the food is normally great. This specific time we came it was all terrible. We were seated right away which was great but the server seemed kinda out of it. He kept forgetting what we ordered and sat down in the booth while taking our order. The food wasnt very good at all, I was very disapointed in this expereince. I will probably continue to eat at P.F changs but maybe another location.
I've been to P.F. Chang's many times and had better experiences at other locations. I'm not sure if it's the location or just a fluke, but both my dish and my boyfriend's were EXTREMELY salty....I mean I physically winced when eating it. The service was perfectly fine, but too much of a salt assault.
PF is probably one of my favorite restaurants out there. For one, they offer a nice gluten free menu and the food is always great. I have eaten at MANY different locations. We have many lunch meetings for work and take our clients to PF Changs all of the time. It has always been the one restaurant to never disappoint me. Well until now. Me and my family recently moved and this is the closest location to us. I will never eat here again! The service was HORRIBLE. Our waitress skipped over us, our food took over an hour with the excuse that gluten free entrees take longer. Yea well not at any of the other locations. The food tasted great as always but I would way rather take the drive to another location to get better and faster service. Especially with hungry little ones. Never again.
Stopped in to grab a cocktail. They were good but bartender was not paying attention to what was ordered.
The restaurant has a nice ambiance, the service was good. The night I went they had live music that added to the nice ambiance. I had marinara sauce with zucchini noodles and cheese cake for desert. I felt that the garlic was hugely overpowering in the entree and I generally found it unsatisfying, especially for the price. The cheesecake was pretty good but certainly not worth the price either.  In short, I would not go back as I felt it was overpriced and I felt unsatisfied when I left. I love to eat healthy, organic food but not at the expense of taste.
Very slow service. Was overcharged for clearly marked items by Chef Sara herself, who then couldn't (or wouldn't) print me a receipt after the fact.   Really disappointed. The food was fine but I'd never go back based on the level of service I experienced from the chef/owner and the way she talks to her employees.
I am in agreement with Anna G. below.  The menu is extensive but our choices for the day were very limited as Chef Sara "did not have this" or " was out of that".  It is also way overpriced by about 30 percent I feel.  I took a friend there who is vegan as a way to be thoughtful but she opted not to have anything because of the price and limited availability of menu items.  I settled on a 9 dollar bowl of carrot soup and a jasimine tea. The soup was actually very tasty but I inhaled it and we left.  I am also suprised the cafe has survived given it's hidden locale off Cave Creek Road.
Chef Sara overcharged me at the register by about 6 dollars!! I couldn't believe it! Lunch was 18 dollars!! I asked her to print a reciept and she said she "couldn't". What a joke. Will never go back. ALso very big menu but they only have a few select items each day. I also didn't like being preached to while I was eating! Will NEVER go back!
So excited to go there for my BDay lunch. Sign on door says closed July & August!!! Really?  No mention of that on Yelp (says it was open) or on their website!!   Understand you need a break but be considerate to future patrons & post it!!!  It is a drive for us to go & it would have been nice to know you were closed!!
This place is hilarious! We went with family. My cousins step mom was trying to make sure to include her boyfriend in holiday fun since he is vegan and she did not realize that there was a difference between raw and vegan food. Understandable mistake. Everyone was totally willing to try something new BUT this place is like a bad episode of Portlandia.   The menu sounded ok. We were told to sit and the chef would come around and tell us what on the menu we were studying was available for the day. We said ok and started reading the extensive menu. We ordered some tea. The lemon one was great but the Hibiscus tea my cousin and I ordered tasted like we were licking the earth. It was disgusting. So we asked if we could just trade it out for the lemon or if she could just take them away. The server seemed nervous and said she would ask the chef. She came back without asking the chef and said that she would fix the problem by putting coconut sugar in it. We tried it and let her know that it was still just not our cup of tea. FINALLY she agreed we could switch teas.   At this point we had been sitting for about 20 minutes waiting for the famous chef to let us know what we were allowed to order off of the menu. Still no sign of her except to ask if the door open was making us cold. We decided to pay for our teas and cut our losses. If you have a craving for raw food, the desire to be in cave creek, and 4 hours to kill this might be the place for you. I will stick with cooked vegan food at Green or Braggs Factory Diner.
We went for lunch and a drink today so I'm basing this review on today.  The food was not great.  The bartender we had was very slow and seemed a bit out of it. We had to ask 3 times for our drinks.  The 2 guys next to us waited forever for their food.  Very disappointing because inn the past we have always had FANTASTIC food & service!  Hopefully they will fix the problem because we have really enjoyed Monks in the past.
Not impressed.  The service was mediocre (we went on a Friday night and they were dead).  I got the baked cod and asked if I could substitute a side salad in place of my potato option and coleslaw that comes with the fish dinner. The server told me I could, but it would be $5.49 extra.... I went and talked to the manager (it's absurd that a plate of lettuce would cost close to six bucks when the fish is already $12)....the manager assured me that they could in fact substitute a side salad and it would be a difference of $2.00.  My husband and 3 kids felt rushed (server probably wanted to be done or was next up to get cut since they were so slow on a Friday night) and none of us thought the food was anything to write home about.
Decent menu, but food wasn't that great. Pears in the pear salad were from a can and the mahi tacos were no good. Monday fries were ok, not fantastic.
I am a big fan of Dr. Hummus, and since I work right in Tempe I was delighted to hear he had his own restaurant.  After 2 visits, I am sadly disappointed.  On my first visit the place was pretty slow, so I got some very personable conversation and excellent prompt service.  I am a vegan and have been craving for mainly raw foods, so when I saw the Veggie Wrap chocked full of spinach, red peppers, zucchini, onions, etc., I was very excited.  What I got was a steamed mish-mash of all these wonderful ingredients (it was cooked, not raw at all, which the menu failed to mention).  I must say it was quite tasty, but not the healthy wrap I was craving.  My second trip was not nearly as personable or friendly as my first.  The restaurant was a bit busier, and after sitting at a table for well over 15 minutes being completely ignored without so much as even a "Hi" from the wait staff, I finally got up and left.    I was really hoping this could be my new regular lunch spot, and as many of my colleagues are Indian (vegetarians) I was looking forward to bringing them here as well, but after a couple less than impressive visits to the restaurant I think I'll stick with getting Dr. Hummus at the markets.
Just poor service and food in general. Really don't want to go into details but I did not have a good experience. The staff was not friendly and I spent a long time waiting for my food. My drink never got filled back up and the silverware seemed dirty. The food was average but cold.
Haven't done any reviews before but I felt obligated to warn everyone of this unsanitary resturaunt. The food was a bit cold but it was okay. I got home that evening and was extremely sick. I went to urgent care and they told me I had gotten food poising. I should have known not to try such a random little resturaunt. BEWARE!
This was our second time at Herb'n Flavors.  My husband ordered the special 1/2 pound hamburger.  He ordered it medium rare and it came well done.  The side dish of beet salad had rancid capers in it - yuch!  When we told the waitress about these problems, she just said she was sorry and did nothing to rectify the situation.  There are too many other good restaurants in town - We will never return.
The Good: $1.75 per item tapas menu of dips, cheeses, and meets.  Gluten free, vegan, and vegetarian options.  The Bad:  The food was ok but the service and atmosphere are seriously lacking.  Very slow server.  (Would have given the place 3 stars if I didn't fall asleep at the table waiting for my bill)  What it comes down to is that there is nothing that this place does any better than a Pita Jungle.
I'm a GF vegan and a big supporter of local/sustainable food, so first, I applaud this restaurant for serving local and organic food. When I heard about this restaurant, I was excited-another restaurant to add to the list of restaurants that I can eat at. While I support this restaurant and their philosophy, I believe there needs to be work on vegan dishes. I ordered Tofu Kebab, priced at $15, and it only consisted of smoked tofu and green and red pepper. I was really disappointed because I looked forward to it and was expecting a variety of veggies with more flavor added to the tofu. My husband and I also ordered Spinach and Artichoke dip. We envisioned the warm, cheesy kind, but instead, it was a cold dip laden with a pool of oil. We got sick to our stomachs and we ended up having an upset stomach afterwards. Overall, it was very pricey for such flat dishes (My husband also ordered a GF, vegan pizza, and if it was not for that, I would give this a 1-star rating). I hate to criticize a restaurant that supports veganism, but if you want to keep people like us coming, I hope that the chefs will consider this criticism and find a way to improve the vegan dishes. We cook alot at home and have a very cultivated taste, and we appreciate restaurants that deliver exciting dishes that we would not cook at home.
Bad! Local produce? Try spoiled produce! Appalled by the lack of freshness! Vegetables were past their prime. We left hungry. So disapointed, we wanted to support a local business, but this was so bad! All the good reviews are lies!
Convenient location,  comfortable interior, vegan vibe service.  We split the warm lentil/spinach salad on recommendation of server.  Just OK @ $10, the lentils had a nice herbed flavor and had been simmered in a flavorful stock w some fried pita chips.  The kung pao chicken was very wierd and not even close to expectation-more like bland spagetti sauce over noodles with peanuts and chicken w/chili oil for that LOL "oriental flavor"-dish needs to be totally reformulated-chef/owner please google "kung pao chicken recipes" .  Will head to pita jungle next time.  Dr Hummus: stick to your fine retail food products(great baba, hummus, garlic pitas)-you cook poorly.
First time I was there, ordered the taco plate, teeny tortillas the size of a soup can lid, piled with 6 inches of filling. Of course it wont all FIT into the tortilla so it falls apart and gets all over the plate, the table, and your hands. Not very funny.  Just now I ordered some turkey pita gyro &%#$ing thing, had to scrape out literally over a cup of this STRONG-flavored unpleasant-tasting tomato pesto crap, but it still overpowered the sandwich. Was this some kind of joke?? Pesto is an extremely concentrated, strong ingredient, ONE tbsp would have sufficed. I counted SEVEN tablespoons that I had to scrape out of there. I couldn't taste a SINGLE other ingredient. I'd been riding my bicycle all over town, I was so hungry, looking forward to what sounded like a delicious meal, and you &%#@ed it up. So two strikes you're out.   Really pretty hostess though, very nice to me even though I was yelling at her over the phone. Sorry 'bout that miss.
Meh.  2 stars for the concept and the service. I can really appreciate a restaurant that tries to use local and organic food.  That's really important to me.  And the service is great--the waitresses are super friendly, and the owner is always there, checking up on guests and making polite conversation, seeming genuinely interested on what his customers think of the food.  Well, here is what I think Mr. Owner:  the food is not that great :(  I feel like nothing had ANY flavor whatsoever, and every time I've eaten there, I've waited for about an hour for my food.  And once after waiting for an hour, I was brought out the wrong dish.  And it tasted like it came from a can.  Le sigh.  Like I said, I really really appreciate the concept and the friendly service... buttt the food isn't great, and takes forever.  Sorry : /
Clever catchy name and looks like it's got it going on from the outside but inside is dull and boring. This place has no ambience whatsoever. There was some music playing back in the kitchen but none for the customers. If it weren't for the fact that they have wait staff I would have thought I was dining in a cafeteria. It was quiet, not many customers at the time, so could hear conversations from tables across the room. This is where a little music could have helped. There were TVs on the walls but were not turned on. My server spoke so low (and seemed timid) that I could barely hear her and apologized a few too many times for the slow service. I only ordered the quesadilla from the starter menu so thought that would come out fairly fast but had to wait a good 25-30 minutes. Not really worth the wait either as it was very bland and didn't live up to the above-mentioned catchy name. I might go back again to try something else but not sure. Maybe take a friend or two so I don't die of boredom waiting for the food.
I dont think I have ever had such a terrible experience.  My boyfriend and I came here on a whim thinking that it would be worth trying something new, and fresh and organic is always wonderful.  We ordered two iced teas which were great, as well as a small hummus appetizer. The hummus was fine but really nothing special.  I ordered the kale and beet salad, and it was the first time in my life that I have ever sent something back to the kitchen because it tasted badly. Besides the kale the salad was full of HUGE pieces of slightly warm beets and tiny pieces of caramelized nuts. The menu advertised a "house dressing" that turned out to be olive oil and large amounts of lemon juice. The dressing was sour but lacked any quality flavor and the giant  pieces luke warm beets added nothing positive. When I politely informed the waitress about it, she was rude and passive agressive. I felt VERY uncomfortable. She asked me if I wanted something else, and so i ordered the tomato and basil soup to go.   My boyfriend ordered the sloppy joe, and while the fries were quite good they didnt have ranch and the actual sandwich was quite bland.  When I got home and tried the soup I was blown away with how terrible it was. It was COMPLETELY over salted to the point where you could barely taste anything else.   As we were leaving the waitress brought us our check and tried to charge us for the salad we had sent back, but took it off when we complained. We also heard the table next to us complain because the waitress had forgotten to put in their appetizer and she didnt even remember which one they had ordered (as she is bringing out their food), On top of that the food was expensive, and the waitress had almost no tables. It was a slow sunday afternoon.  Avoid this place. I think it might be the worst place I have been to in phoenix, and I have lived here over ten years.
I really wanted to like this place. I love the concept of gluten-free, vegetarian and vegan menu items.  However I couldn't have been more disappointed in the food, service and overall environment.  I ordered the sloppy joes and they were bland, tasteless and lacking any flavor. My girlfriend ordered the kale and beat salad which was beyond awful. Their "house dressing" was literally olive oil and lemon juice... disgusting.  We sent it back and she received the tomato basil soup. The soup was REVOLTING. It was so over salted to the point that is inedible.   Also EVERYTHING took too long, it was over an hour wait for the food when there were only about 3 other patrons eating there. The server also charged us for the salad and we had to make a comment for her to take it off.  Avoid this place like the plague.
I want to love this place so bad! I like the idea of it but have never been happy when I went in. My boyfriend and I have gone 3 or 4 times and the owner is SO creepy! The first time we walked in he looked at me, then gave my boyfriend a "thumbs up." Then he placed our napkins in our laps for us! So weird. Every other time we went there he acted the same way. All of the other staff was uncomfortably eager to have customers. Its just really uncomfortable in there. And I also have never been that impressed with the food- especially considering the prices. I dont think I will try it again :(
Giving 2 stars because they are trying really hard.  I totally wanted to love this place and so did my husband.  We walked up and the wait staff dispersed and came to the door it was weird we felt uncomfortable so we went next door like we werent actually going the Herb n Flavors and we asked them how it was next door.  The girl went on and on about how great they were and that Fox news was there recently they are supposed to be healthy and free of hormones etc. which is what we are all moving towards now a days.  Its nice to have more choices available so we even though we got a weird vibe from that girl almost like she was paid to give good review we thought lets check it.  We asked waitress what was good etc. and ordered based on her recommendations.  My husband had a gyro with artichoke dip on it.  The bread was as hard as a cracker literally sounded like charcoal out of fire breaking.  Broke it off used it as cracker for artichoke dip which was ok and the gyro meat had nice flavor but the fossil like bread was a turn off.  I had the steak tacos which were not good.  Just all around no flavor in spite of having avocado and chipotle sauce.  We tasted sauce separately and nothing no flavor or not enough just bland.  My husband ordered the french press coffee which was $6 omg what a waste of $6 WOW.  its just 4 tablespoons of coffee grounds steeping in water at your table definitely not worth $6.  Not sure why we did this but after reading reviews we thought lets even go further and try dessert.  They said the tiramisu was home made we tried it and again devoid of flavor lacking flavor not worth another $6 and also much smaller than most desserts at $6 not that I am complaining cuz I definitely dont need more but just stating the facts.  I felt bad for these people because they do have a great concept but the location is not a good one and the food is just too much for what you are getting and its really not that good on top of it.  I wanted to love it and our waitress did try so hard and the fouled up food not her fault so we tipped her well and we didnt complain cuz that is so uncomfortable and then they just think you are trying to take advantage and want your money back so instead I prefer to wish them well not come back and YELP it out :-)
$12 sloppy joe with a Kraft single on top! Raw dough on homemade bread! Tuna was dry! Disappointing to say the least. This was my second time and I will not return. The prices reflect that they are using top of the line ingredients which is not the case. I gave it 1 star because the server was nice.
Tuna sandwich was horrible. Dry tuna from a can and no flavor. Way too much bread and the top was burnt a little. Felt sick a couple hours later.
The menu is promising, but my lunch order (chicken kebabs with side salad, rice, and pesto) took at least 30 minutes to prepare in a nearly empty restaurant... and the chicken was dry.  The plate was nicely presented and the salad was tasty. Water with lemon and mint is a nice touch.  Just not sure why everyone's so crazy about this place...  2 stars means "Meh. I've experienced better." That's exactly how I feel about Herb 'n Flavors.
I have been wanting to try out this place for awhile now, and when my fiance recommended Pita Jungle, I suggested we try this place instead.  We ordered for take out.  Two stars because the gyros were really good, but the rest of the food was downright bad.  We ordered red pepper hummus which usually has a nice kick to it; this hummus tasted like we were taking a bite right into a lemon.  Seriously it was so bad my fiance likened it to eating lemon pledge; it didn't make any logical sense and it was inedible.  The pita bread served with the hummus also tasted pretty stale.  We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.  We were very disappointed with this place.
Journeyed back to this place, like I do, for a food item I had deified and talked about for ages - kind of a spicy Mediterranean burrito (!) with cauliflower, broccoli, and squash. It wasn't the taste sensation it was a year ago. I might have compromised it by leaving out the chicken, which might shed a reasonable light on their no-substitutions policy.  After the wrap I had one of several Flavors of cheesecake they offer, but it was Etsy-style artisanal cheesecake, served in squat jars with watery crust. I generally avoid expensive hipster versions of things I like, but I know there are rabid fans of the stuff.  My server was great, so I especially hated hearing her berated by her expeditor/supervisor for telling a table she would give them a few minutes to decide rather than asking if they needed time. Public dress-downs are a huge peeve of mine, and embarrassing your employees in earshot of anybody is lousy business/human practice.  While I was eating my cheesecake jar, on the fence about the whole experience, two ladies arrived and were told to sit anywhere. Then they were asked to move, because they had chosen the owner's table, the owner's table which was empty in case he'd like to chill out there at some point, away from customer tables, like some kind of don.  TLDR: The food wasn't as good as I remembered, and the people who run things appear to be self-important jerks.
I have been to Herb N Flavors 4-5 times lunch and dinner times .  Herb N Flavors, you have pretty good food... If your Gluten Free or Vegan anyway. Otherwise its just an AVERAGE restaurant ya get what ya get and nothing more.   The servers are friendly, but sometimes they are frantically under staffed, which makes for a SLOW and BAD dining experience.   This place seems like a good idea, but what I have really noticed is the man behind it all. The Owner, a big man, is very RUDE and UNAPPRECIATIVE of his staff. He always seems GRUMPY. He is not helpful but LAZY and watches his restaurant get busy without helping, and why he doesn't have more staff I'm not sure. They probably don't want to work for such a rude person. On one account I heard him yelling at the server, and I was shocked she put up with it. He treated her like an OBJECT not a person. I feel bad for the staff of this place. They are sweet and work very hard, especially putting up with a man like that.   BECAUSE OF THE OWNER, I WILL NO LONGER BE GIVING ANY OF MY BUSINESS TO THIS GREEDY MAN. He seems to be a TERRIBLE and DISRESPECTFUL man.
Ugh! I was at a conference in Arizona and wanted to get away from my stuffy Resort and Spa. I found this place in a magazine (in retrospect it was probably a magazine that charges for ad space and then makes the ad appear as if it was a good review) and took the bus and light rail and walked a ways to get there. I was seated with a great view of the burger king drive through that was in the strip mall parking lot.  I ordered two dishes with the friend I was with. A vegan tamale dish, and some kind of pollo dish. They were bad. Maybe we were there on a bad night, but this place just didn't have their stuff together. I don't remember the name of the pollo dish, or what it was supposed to be, but it was basically chopped up chicken with red sauce and mini-triangle slices of cheese pizza placed around the edges. This place I think does its best work in naming and describing their dishes, it's all down hill from there.
Good food but lacks professionalism.  I have been overcharged with different pricing than the menu on multiple occasions and disturbed by the repetition of beeping from a dying smoke detector battery to which the staff report has been on the brink for a while without any offer to resolve.  They do have a nice selection of vegan and gluten free options so I continue to go because it is near the discount theatre but dessert offerings are limited for GF.  Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!
My wife an I have dined at Herb N' Flavors twice now; we probably won't be back.   Our first experience was good. I ordered the Puttanesca, she had something similar. We were both reasonably happy with our entrees, but the hummus and tomato soup were both outstanding. At $46 before tip, we both felt it was overpriced, despite the "local, organic" schtick.   A few weeks later, I was craving the tomato soup, so we went again. This time, she had the Spinach and Artichoke Pizza, and in hope of something substantial, I ordered the Hamburger (with bun). We were both disappointed in our dishes this time around. Her pizza was a bit undercooked, and just didn't taste very good. My hamburger was a joke- dry and flavorless, Our server said it was because the beef was so lean, and grain-fed. Turns out, I would have rather been grain-fed for this meal. The only redemption for this visit was the tomato soup, and the tiramisu. $54 before tip, for two entrees, soup, dessert, and one drink; Ouch!  Organic and local do not always mean delicious, but they do mean expensive.
This was overall pretty bad.  I went in with high hopes of fresh ingredients and lots of...you know, herbs and flavors.  Our server was kind and attentive and I had a salad that a monkey could prepare well, so I'm giving two stars for those successes. But, my salad had no flavor besides a few olives to set it apart from a standard side salad you'd get for free at a Red Lobster or similar cheap chain.  The beets were just beets in a bowl, absolutely no flavor at all.  The margarita pizza my friend had was shocking considering this being advertised as a Mediterranean/Italian fusion spot, and she didn't have the heart to send it back.  It was clearly a cheap (or poorly, previously made) frozen pizza that they tried to disguise by throwing a couple of slices of tomato and a few sprinkles of unfrozen (note that I'm not using the word "fresh") cheese on.  She was starving and swallowed parts of two pieces, then I took the rest home thinking my husband or father would eat it since they'll eat almost anything, especially in pizza form.  Even they wouldn't eat it, so that was $8 or so in the trash.  I hate writing bad reviews without talking to the staff to give them an opportunity to fix it, but it was pretty clear that there was no pride or care given to the foods served there.  It was not the waiter's fault and no "chef" that allowed that kind of food to be sent out to a table would make a fresh pizza and flavorful second batch of beets had we sent them back.
We ordered the Spinach salad and Greek salad. We ordered the large portion ($10 vs $8). It was barely enough. The taste was good. Overall the place didn't seem too clean. I might give it a second chance.
What a great concept MFF is. I ate the food at the Scottsdale location on and off for about a year. Not everyday, but frequently enough to say I was a regular. The menu never changed and I was ok with that - healthy food comes at a cost, and it doesn't always taste great. The results are what matter. After a year I was so burnt out, I could no longer force the bland meals down. I had a few favorites that I would come back to, but overall there wasn't much change.  Then I went to MFF in Southlake, Texas this past Christmas. The meals were great and I was excited that they changed the menu and added some new items.  Fast forward to this week. I had some of those same new items at the Scottsdale location. The Pork Tacos were so tough, fatty and overcooked that I threw away the whole meal. Angry. The corn tortillas are rock hard after you microwave them. Absolutely pathetic food.  I was also disappointed that the breakfast staple "Good Morning Sunshine" had been changed. She told me they now add tomato sauce to the ground turkey. Terrible idea.  I've decided that the chefs at the Scottsdale location use low quality ingredients and don't cook up to the standard of other MFF locations.  Time to try Sunfare here in AZ.
I have been going to My Fit Foods for about 6 months, I have referred several people and love the concept.  Sadly, after one more inconsistent meal, I've given up.  The first few months were great but since then, inconsistent meals every time!    I mentioned the inconsistencies on a few occasions but it has not improved. The breakfast tacos were my favorite but on several occasions the spice was so overpowering and hot that I couldn't even enjoy them.  (And I LOVE really hot SPICY food, these were beyond spicy hot, today, they were inedible).  The corn shells were apparently old as they completely crumbled and would have needed to be eaten with a fork.  They were already broken apart when I opened the container so I find it hard to believe whomever was preparing the food didn't realise there was an issue.  I really wanted to love this place..... great concept and everyone that works there is beyond friendly!  They just really need to work on consistency of their meals and quality of food being used. :(
I needed a drink so I came here. Service was ok nothing great. Hell the guy was not even happy to be there. Seemed lost really. Drinks are always high priced at the airport but what can you do. food was just ok not even good.   Over all food was not good and service not at all what it could be. I wont come here again.
During one of my business trips last week, I decided to try a lesson in time management and actually get to the airport on time. Not only did I succeed, I arrived early enough to grab a bite to eat so I'm not stuck with peanuts. Enter: Sauce.  Not too shabby of a place for being inside an airport, I guess. I'll have to agree with a reviewer below me - the service is "ehh" and they don't care about much more than taking an order. For example, it was my first time and I had a couple questions about the "build your own pizza" and the guy at the cash register was less than thrilled. I ordered a glass of chardonnay and he asked me if I wanted ice... oh God. Why didn't I just turn around at that point?  So I ordered a basic pizza. It had some fancy name to it, but it was just a cheese pizza. Thin crust, minimal sauce (the irony) and not much to be remembered. So I ordered another glass of chardonnay and sucked it up.   Note: The seating arrangement is awful. There are bar stools and tables and you won't find a seat for awhile because the tables seat up to 4 people, and if 1 person took that table - they won't seat you there.   However, it is probably the best you'll get if you need to dine in at the airport - unless you want McDonalds or some crap Mexican food. The prices aren't bad (about $9 for a whole pizza and $5 for chardonnay) along with a variety of other items (pasta, salad, sandwiches, breakfast food). Maybe I just ordered the wrong stuff, but I don't see myself going back for round two.
Pizza was burnt and clearly warmed up with some more cheese thrown on top.  Won't go back.
I had to wait for my luggage which was comming on the next flight. I decided to get a pizza. Not a good chice though. I havnt been to sauce before not sure if just the airport kocation is bad like this or all of them. 1) the lady back there preparig pizza didnt have gloves on. Grabbing cheese and toping bare hand and spread them on the dough. 2) pizza was extremely salty. Maybe thats how they sell drink!!!! 3) they are stingy with the cheese and topping For 11$ pizza i expect to have good amount of topping 4) overall pizza didn't look or taste good. I eat it because didnt want to go to another resturant and pay another 11$. Anywhere else i wouldnt even eat it. Id compare their pizza with 7/11 pizza.
At first I thought this would be a good alternative to frozen microwave meals, like Lean Cuisine.  I rationalized that I would be eating freshly prepared meals that were good for me, without having to prepare anything.  After eating the prepared dishes at every meal, for several days in a row, I noticed I was craving water in massive amounts.  I literally could not stop drinking water. I realized that the only thing that was different was the food from My Fit Foods.  So, I actually sat down and read the nutrition label for some of the things I bought.  Every dish was sky high in sodium!  One dish was supposed to constitute 70% of my daily intake of sodium and 30% of my daily intake of cholesterol.  I was floored.  I thought the dishes were healthy.  While many of them have good fats, are high in protein, and have decent amounts of fiber, there are TONS that are loaded with sodium, cholesterol, and saturated fats. Be very careful when you choose what dishes to buy.  The prices are also extremely high.  Additionally, I think most of the meals are much too spicy (I'm convinced that the over abundance of spices is to cover up bland flavor).  If you decide that you absolutely have to order food from them, go online and click on the low sodium tab to see their choices for low sodium dishes.  There are only a few choices, but it would be a shame to lose weight and then develop a heart condition later on.
I agree with the posting that reported very high sodium and other not so good nutritional components to their meals. At first glance this seemed as if it would be a great, fast option to cooking, but not so. Expensive and usually not organic. Fruit with pesticides are not on my choice list.
Worst Mexican food I've had in awhile.  Who puts nacho cheese in a carnitas burrito?  No good Mexican restaurant will use nacho cheese on anything!  The empanadas were cold, they tasted like they were frozen.
The wife and I were having lunch together for the first time in ages.  She suggested a place near my office, and I found The Corn Flower using my Yelp mobile app.  It was showing 4.5 stars and a menu that sounded delicious.  We were on our way.  Before I get too far into this review, let me just say that we met both the cashier and the Executive Chef and they were both wonderfully warm and genuinely nice people.  I could tell that the Chef cared very much for her product and was very excited to hear that I would be reviewing her restaurant - in fact, she made sure to ask me to.  So here goes.  This is a very small dining room located at the end of a strip mall on the corner of Tatum and Greenway.  We had some difficulty finding it.  You walk in and it's like walking in to a retail store, not a restaurant.  There were enough tables and seats for about eight people, all decorated very nicely with paper flowers, and pictures.  One wall contained a huge glass-fronted refrigerator that was filled with various sized packages of their signature item, empanadas.  The menu is written on a chalk board above the cashiers counter.  While it is very clean and well-appointed, it did not give off a restaurant vibe, but rather a store.  The Corn Flower bills itself as "Fine Casual Mexican Cuisine" and seems to be more of a catering establishment trying to be a storefront trying to be a restaurant.  Unfortunately, for me it does not succeed at being a sit-down restaurant.  We ordered from the chalkboard menu, I had three Carnitas street tacos and a ground-beef empanada and the wife had corn-chowder soup with chips.  We both opted out of the canned soda's from the display case and instead asked for Iced Tea.  The cashier/waitress described it as an Arnold Palmer, which was fine with both of us, however, it tasted like instant.  The cashier/waitress grabbed a packaged empanada from the display case and took it back to the kitchen.  After a few minutes my street tacos arrived, arranged nicely on a long narrow tray, garnished with chopped green onion and a salsa.  It was okay.  Next, my empanada arrived, a single empanada on large, round plate, no garnish, no dipping sauce or anything.  It was warm and tasty, but the filling was dry.  Finally, my wife's corn chowder arrived.  It was a large bowl filled with about six ounces of creamy, undistinguished soup.  No garnish.  She asked for chips that should have arrived with it.  The cashier/waitress brought the chips on another large plate.  Wife asked for a spoon.  Meanwhile, we stole napkins from another table.  The soup did taste like corn.  Kind of like creamed corn.  Not bad, but not delicious either, actually kinda bland. And not much of it for $8.  Some add-ins would be nice, like chunks of avocado and diced chiles - especially for the price.     Overall, the food was not bad, but there was nothing that really wowed me, or made me want to come back for more.  Presentation was lacking and service needs to be honed.  I'm not one to tell a chef how to run her business, but it's prolly not a good idea to grab a diner's meal from a display case in front of them.  Maybe you should have some product in the kitchen.  It wouldn't hurt to serve the Empanada's with some sort of sauce as well - perhaps a fresh guacamole or salsa, and smaller portions dictate smaller serving containers.  Chips can and should be served in a basket, not a plate, and again, should have some sort of dipping sauce to go with.  Same thing for the Taco's.  I could tell that the Chef and the server really cared about their product and I hope that they figure out way to amp up the restaurant side of things, as there is huge potential here.
This really isn't a restaurant. More of a frozen food aisle. If you want to stop by and re-heat your dinner, I guess its ok but quite over-priced (prices online are not the same as in the store). If I have to take something home, re-heat it and make my own sauce, its not worth it.   And, the staff is pretty much dis-functional (actually rude) as they're confused on what items cost and really aren't very helpful (since you're going home to re-heat) regarding eating-in vs. taking-out.   There were a couple of people in the "restaurant" but I'd avoid this if you can. Del Taco is just up the road.
Well I'm going to make this short because I have mixed feelings on demoting this place... But truth must be told.  We were met by 2 friendly chefs(because they are 'out of servers'... not the best sign either I guess). The service was very genuine and kind though it really was.  The food on the other hand, while it was fresh it was very pedestrian. We had the salad, a veggie burrito and 6 empanadas. Everything basically tasted like it could be made at home.  The food is fine, just don't expect much or anything special.   That is all. =)
I have to say the staff IS very friendly, and the place was very clean, but the food was a COMPLETE disappointment. :( I waited 45 minutes for 4 microwave (reheated) empanadas and tamales.  The gentleman that give me the food did apologize for the wait!
We were not happy with this place at all. We went a little later in the evening and the lady working seemed very annoyed that we came in. I love leaving work on time like anyone else, but if business comes in I suck it up and smile! She was cleaning all around us and it was ver uncomfortable. Once we got our food it was so bland. I got the chile relleno and rice. The rice was a plain scoop of white rice with no flavor and the chile relleno was just plain and mushy. My husband got the chicken burrito and it was literally just baked chicken and rice with no flavor at all. The empanadas were okay but I felt weird that they just came microwaved in a plastic bag. Haven't gone again
I travel for a living so I eat out for most meals and have done so for nearly 20 years.  it is with that background that I can honestly say this meal was the worst meal I can recall having in a very long time anywhere.  We ordered chips, salsa and guacamole.  The chips tasted like they were out of a bag and not the kind I prefer buying, the guacamole - OMG.  We would think it comes out of a bag from Costco, one bite and each of us were done.  My salad was a few beans and kernels of corn atop iceberg lettuce with a big glop of the aforementioned guac. . . . I could go on and on and describe the 4 meals in detail but I will stop and say that I only wish Yelp offered a star option that was below no stars.  It was memorably horrible.  I will now begin the process of trying to forget this experience.  The people were nice enough but that and the cute decor are its only redeeming features.  Keep on driving - there are many choices that are better in the area.
This place used to be awesome, but they recently changed to an Empenada only menu.  Best Green Chile burro in town?  Gone!!! I wont be back.
For the amount i paid for a custom birthday cake, it definitely did not exceed or even meet expectations. I was very disappointed that the quality of the work on the custom cake was poor since previous reviews indicated they did great work.
I was surprised at how small the cake was.    But had the cake tasted awesome it would have made up for it.   It was one of the worst cakes I had ever tasted .    Very very disappointing
After reading all the glorious reviews I had to try the place.  From the moment we walked in the door it was confusing.  Is this a pizza place or a custom cabinet builder?    The ordering is completely confusing.  Too many choices.  We ordered a margarita pizza, and a custom built - gawd really?! I have to pick which cheese and sauce also?  Again, I think there are too many choices.  Just my opinion though.  We got our pizzas and while they weren't gross - they weren't any better than anyone else's.  If you eat pizza hut or little Caesars - this is a step above it, but that's all and costs more.  It was about $8-10 per person with a drink... I cant imagine that I would bother going back anytime soon.  Sad that it wasn't better.
Fast food pizza anyone?   I picked up a couple pies last week at the suggestion of a friend.  The prices were reasonable at under $10 for a slightly larger than personal pan pie. The line staff were very friendly. The venue was small with only a few tables. I recommend this place for cheap eats for kids.    I ordered two pies To-Go. When I got home (5 mins away) the pies were still warm, but they were clearly not properly cooked throughout the way a good pizza should be just out of the oven. The sauce tasted a bit raw like it had not been sauted for the proper time. I had originally planned to order the gluten-free crust, but it came out of the freezer, so I changed my mind and ordered the wheat crust.  When the (wheat) crust pie I ordered came out of the oven, the cheese was not bubbly or even slightly browned.  In fact, the entire center was just warm - the ingredients were clearly not cooked together.   I put the whole thing back into the oven to finish cooking, which helped blend the flavors and cook the cheese, but now the crust was overcooked.     Interesting concept, but needs some work.  PS - If you check in on YELP before you place your order, you are rewarded with $1 off coupon.  Wish I had known in advance.  (Signage?)
I have been to custom built 3 times now the first time was before my yelp days and I boosted all over facebook about it. I let all my friends and family know how awesome of a place it was as well as how awesome the customer service was. I think things have changed since then.   Allow me to elaborate, the second time I went to custom built I quickly left the restaurant and choose not to dine there because I was turned off by this one employee today I went back and have found that the employees name is Larry. The time I walked out was because Larry was on the phone in the back and came out front to greet us. When he came out he was holding his cell phone in his hand and asked to wait a second as he finished his call, we didn't see this as a problem so we patiently waited. When Larry returned he had his cell phone in his hand and was hanging it up he placed the phone on a back counter came to the front and asked what type of dough we would like to choose. He quickly grabbed a regular ball of dough and was about to start kneeding it when I stopped him and apologized to him and told him loud and clear that I could not dine at his establishment since I did not see him wash his hands and we walked out. Bummed out by the incident I still did not want to simply stray away because of one employee so I told my wife we would give it some time and try again.  Well we did and we re-tried today. Like I said previously today the same employee that I walked out on was there and he was at the door. I take it that he did not remember the incident as he did not even recognize me. I thought that was great so that I could try and get a new experience and try and forget about the previous incident. I have to say the evening staff that first introduced my wife and I to custom built was exceptional they were up beat and seemed excited to just make a pizza. Today it felt like it was Monday and things were just crawling. If it was not for that one awesome employee that was genuinely happy to be at work I would have walked out once again that employee's name is MOE and the first thing that he did when he saw us and asked us the dough we wanted was go to the sink and wash his hands!! I quickly pointed it out to my wife and said look at that exceptional employee that is washing his hand prior to preparing our food. Moe quickly keeded out the dough and placed it on the order line to get prepared. Excited by a happy employee this made me happy and I quickly remembered the first time I went to custom built. I said to the gentlemen that was preparing my pizza the first time I came here the young man that assisted me suggested to try and get creative instead of having the same mundane pizza. He suggested trying multiple sauces and I remember him saying you can split this pizza into 16th's to try and give us a challenge we love challenges. When I mentioned this to the guy that was helping me today he seemed a little put off by the whole thing and even said I don't know why he would suggest trying so many different things. I ordered the pizza in 3rds so that I could try the different sauces 1 pesto 1 alfredo and 1 spicy. The guy seemed very uncertain on how to spread the sauces in thirds so he just made circles that ended up bleeding into each other in the cooking process. I layered and layered my pizza with topping after topping after topping. I always have fun in that part I feel like I'm a kid again when I get to pick and choose.   My wife placed he order and I went to pay. When I was paying Larry was at the cash register and I told him that I forgot my belly card but had received the message that all custom built pizzas were 6.95 for the month of April. He said ok and then I showed him my yelp 10% off for checking in for the first time he again shook his head to which I thought was a clear sign for him acknowledging it. I paid the tab and was just handed my change. I thought that was a bit odd so I asked if I could have my receipt. Larry printed a receipt and gave it to me, I say a receipt because I was unsure if it was actually mine I paid with a $100.00 bill and did not nee that on the receipt and I also did not see a discount. I didn't want to be rude and be like YO! WHERE MY DISCOUNT SON!! so I just kept quite and said to myself the food will clearly change my mind and it will be worth every penny.  Well I got my pizza and it was totally not what I expected the sauces had all bleed into each other and I could not tell the difference from what was pesto what was spicy and where the alfredo started and ended. Also today I watched as Larry was at the cash register and then went to make a pizza for a guest with out washing his hands AGAIN!!!! SOME ONE NEEDS TO GO OVER SAFE FOOD HANDLING WITH LARRY BEFORE HE GETS SOMEONE SICK!!   I don't know if I can try custom built again and I was a fan :(!
I love the idea of a build your own pizza!! I added garlic, chicken, and pesto along with other toppings. I'm just confused why it had no flavor and was so bland. I was excited about this place when I heard of the concept but the taste is lacking big time. On a positive note the employees are very friendly, patient, and nice. I couldn't decide what to get and they did not rush me at all.
Went here for lunch because the place came highly recommended. Well the place is nice, decorations are not over the top and the booths were comfy. Ordered a breakfast pizza. The girl behind the counter (she must have been new) asked how to make the pizza. No problem I'm all about team work, well her co worker tell her the menus right there. Ya jerk much? I wanted a good pizza but the poor girl is just looking around like help me. So finally I'm guessing the manger came to help her out. Got a Cesar salad along with my pizza. Well the pizza is ok, the crust is just lacking some flavor, and the ricotta cheese was just bland. Also the salads must be pre made early in the day because the croutons were SOGGY!!! One thing I hate, soft soggy croutons on a salad. Not fresh in my book. Customer service is a mere meh at best.  Pizza and salad well they did not wow me. Sorry I'd rather go to Sammy's and have better food and service.
10 dirty fingernails   At the recommendation of some friends we gave this place a shot.   Please note that my review is not for the pizza because we hadn't even gotten that far in the process.   Upon entering, we were greeted and instructed to file behind some other customers who had just placed their order. Assuming our place in this Subway'esq line, I eagerly watched a man begin forming a beautiful roll of pizza dough, into the flat palate ready to accept all the wonderful ingredients. As I was watching, I was paying close attention to his form as I've always wanted to hand toss a pizza in the air like you see in the movies. As I stared through the sneeze guard glass, i really focused on the mans hands kneading until I caught the terrible glimpse of his fingernails.  People, this wasn't a single dirty nail. It was 8 fingers and two thumbs worth of "I dug my way to work" dirty. As if you played blackjack all night and the grim from the table felt accumulated in all your nails.  We lasted 2 minutes in the place. Super bummed because I love pizza.
This place will give you a pre-packaged meal with about the same amount and quality of food as a frozen diet meal. And just like a diet meal, it shows the calorie count, and nutrition info. Only instead of paying about two dollars for a healthy choice or smart one's meal, they charge closer to nine dollars. I thought it was a rip off. The food tastes a lot like a tv dinner. And I was turned off by the fact that they offer to microwave it for you. I will not be returning to spend nine bucks on a one of their overpriced tv dinners.
I couldn't tell what this place was exactly from the storefront's appearance and name so curiosity got the best of me and I finally went in today.  Great concept!  The woman inside was very nice and helpful in explaining the program to me.  I bought 3 meals to take home and try:  Butternut Pork, Forbidden Chicken and Herb Roasted Chicken.  The pork and the Herb Roasted Chicken both came with the same vegetables; carrots and zucchini.    My honest opinion??  Not good.  Even with BBQ sauce on the chicken and the veggies...I did not enjoy.  The chicken had a strange 'old' taste and the veggie had no detectable seasoning on them.  They were very bland and strangely, seemed to have absorbed whatever the strange 'old' taste was from the chicken.  The pork had the same weird taste and bland veggies.  I did not enjoy this either.    The broccolini and rice from the Forbidden Chicken meal were ok.  But the chicken was the exact same as the Herb Roasted, same exact seasoning.  Again, did not enjoy.  I feel confident that the other meals must be better than these because if they all tasted this way, noone would eat here.  Again, I love the concept, and the woman inside was very nice.  I think the prices are ok too, provided the food is fresh, seasoned and enjoyable.  But what I tried tonight was very hard to swallow.    I am hopeful that I can go back tomorrow and discuss my troubles with someone understanding who might let me 'exchange' the yucky stuff and try some other options.  I understand that every business has a bad day once in a while.    I really do want to be able to enjoy this place.  Hopefully I can change my rating to a better one!  We'll see!
Wow pei Wei used to be one of my favorite places to eat. Since then prices have gone up and quality has gone WAY down! My friend accurately described the food as tasting like soap. I literally couldn't finish my meal because it tasted gross and I wasn't totally sure the chicken was thoroughly cooked. On top of that the staff is very depressing and unfriendly. Can't wait for this place to close and be replaced with a good restaurant.
When I moved to Phoenix, Pei Wei was one of the first restaurants I went to and one of my go to places for Asian food. However, over the past 7 years, I have found other places I enjoy and would rather dine at. The food is standard and tastes good, but it isn't fantastic. I like that they are doing lunch specials now, so that helps since the portions can be exceedingly large and not great the next day. This location opened up close to work, so it's easily accessible, which is a plus. We came here a few weeks after the grand opening, but it seemed that all the kinks weren't worked out. While waiting in line, there was only one gal on the register and she was ignoring us in favor of folks who just walked in for Take Away. Finally, a Take Away Customer said to her "Aren't you going to help them? They were here first." She glanced at us, then back to the customer and shook her head no before sighing and finally asking us for our order. Not sure what that was about, but I think they need more employees on the registers, especially at lunch time.
I didn't think I could be so turned off from a place I was so looking forward to.  Let me first say I'm a fan of Pei Wei but not this location.  The newness of this location has me expecting some serious wait times and I am okay with that.  What I am NOT okay with is the girl taking my order who is so wonderfully adorned with hickies the size of silver dollars all of her neck and also the attitude that I am bothering her by having her take my order AKA her JOB! Apparently there was a 45 minute "to go" wait that she decided to not tell me about when ordering (the restaurant itself was relatively empty so I would not have come upon this conclusion otherwise).  When I asked after 20 minutes of waiting where my food was, I was laughed at and told my someone who just got done blowing their nose and NOT washing their hands that it would be another 20-25 minutes. Appalled and disgusted.  This location and Pei Wei in general might lose my years of business because of poor management.  Don't waste your time.
I have a love/hate relationship with the Pei Wei chain. Before this place opened I would go to the Gainey Ranch location because I love their patio and when the food was right it was all good relaxing on the patio. But I discovered that they were inconsistent where sometimes I would like their food and other times I wouldn't like it.   So the wife thought it would be a good idea to abandon our normal Chinese place to try Pei Wei during their first week of operation. They had about 10 cooks woking up a storm and unfortunately I drew the short straw when it came to picking the cook to make my dinner. The meat was tough and inedible. I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.   Luckily I was able to crawl back to our Chinese place and let them know that they didn't have to worry about Pei Wei taking away any of their customers.
The food was good. Excellent egg rolls, wonderful hot and sour soup, good pad Thai. However, service was slow and the noise level was harsh. We would get take out from her but would not come back to eat here.
I've only been here once so my review is probably not worth much but I thought the food was really salty. That's probably why I haven't been back since.   The restaurant is nice though, service is good, and easy to find.
I'm pretty sure this pei wei was built for the good employees of Vanguard.  Went here for a quick lunch with sister, the place was busy which was nice. The only thing that wasn't nice was how incredibly loud it was inside. I could barely hear my sister talking from across the table, but I could definitely hear all the financial complaints from fellow financial service employees.  The food left a bit to be desired. O ordered my usual orange peel chicken, but what I ended up with was something along the lines of orange peel and vegetables. Maybe 4 pieces of chicken. Really?  The service was quick, but not friendly. The drink station was a mess. Probably won't be re visiting.
Unlike other reviewers, I always had a great meal and experience at the Fountain Hills location.  However, this location is TERRIBLE!!  The ordering set up stinks, people try to cut in front of you and the staff doesn't care.  Our food all came out at different times.  The Server had a very uncaring attitude.  The rice wasn't cooked all the way.  I was not happy and thinking twice about ever coming back.
This evening my boyfriend and I decided to pick up some takeout on our way home from Christmas shopping. We walked in the takeout door into a chaotic mess. After 10 minutes of waiting in "line," we were finally greeted at the register. I say "line" because it was really more of a cluster of customers being randomly waited on by one of four confused Pei Wei employees.  While attempting to place our order, I repeated "chicken" about four times because the young man questioned what kind of protein I wanted in my "kung pao chicken." Um, chicken in my kung pao chicken please. When my boyfriend attempted to order his spicy Korean steak, the young man spaced out and could not comprehend "steak." "Steak? What do you mean, steak?" A young woman walked over and scolded, er, showed him how to enter the entree. "He wants steak!" Young man: "He didn't specify that!" Young woman to my boyfriend: "It helps if you order backwards from the order of the menu." After the awkwardness settled, the two employees then parted ways from the register and left us unable to complete our order. They both continued to wait on other patrons in the "line" and completely ignored my question of "Um, can we complete our order?" We stood there as I glared at any employee who even slightly made eye contact. Still nothing. We left. The restaurant business is too competitive for this location to operate in such a terrible way.
We go to the Grayhawk location every week and they do a better job cooking and have better customer service! We had to visit this location for convenience and we're extremely disappointed in the way our food tasted. Not sure why there is a huge discrepancy in the taste between the two locations but I'll drive an extra 15 minutes for better tasting food! Also, sat down on the bench with my toddler and the cushion was sliding out to the point where we would fall out of our seats! When I mentioned it to the bus girl she said it's because they use it as storage and someone probably hadn't closed it correctly! Um OK. Lol
Being owned by PF Chang's, I was really expecting to be wowed. Unfortunately this was not the case. I ordered the Spicy Korean Chicken, a cup of Hot and Sour Soup, and a drink. While the food was cooked perfectly there really was no flavor at all. The soup tasted like a beef broth made with buillion cubes without a single hint of sour or spice. The Spicy Korean Chicken was moist, but unless your idea of spicy is black pepper your out of luck. Yes, I know you can add some spice after the fact but when you order something spicy you expect SOME form of heat. Overall, it was not worth my $12 for lunch. I will give it another shot as I know this may have been a one off, but right now I'd rather eat at Panda Express.
I absolutely love Pei Wei but tonight I ordered a salad & a children's meal over the phone at 6:03 & I literally didn't have my salad in hand until 7:04... The place was crazy busy and everyone seemed so frazzled! It seems that when you cant get anyone's attention, they are most likely understaffed..   While waiting outside with my son for about 30 minutes I learned from another angry guest waiting that they had a coupon out that expires today.. Cool, I get it, but please staff accordingly at times like this.. A lot of people seemed very very frustrated and if they hadn't already paid, people talked about how they would've just left (I may have too considering I order take out because I have a two year old & it is usually more convenient, but in this case I waited over 30 minutes after it should have already been done).. I love your place, so Im just trying to give management some feedback on how the night was tonight.
Wait was far too long. After about 25 minutes they brought out the food, not only was it cold and undercooked but it was the wrong order. Won't be going back.
A lot of people working, but seemed no one was in charge.  Place only had 5 sets of customers, yet took forever to get our meals.  Staff used rags to wipe tables to hold our plates.  One employee kept wiping her nose with her finger over and over.  I wonder if she has a food handlers card.
After they changed back to Picazzos Pizza, their prices went up, the service went down and the food is not the same. So sad, as we used to love this place. Specially my son with Celiac. :(
Subpar! Feels like a Cracker Barrel that serves dinner. Not worth $. Menu was POORLY executed! Sounded good on paper (& that's a stretch) tasted horrid!  I would expect better from a Four Seasons...
Nobody is sadder than I am to say "so-so", or as Yelp so eloquently puts it, Meh. Had an early lunch there; few vegetarian items to choose from on the cheesy menu (everything has some cutesy name). The veggie sandwich came on unbilled, unmentioned rye bread. Yuck! My husband's meat burger came with bacon, which was mentioned on the menu, but the surprise was that the bacon was breaded (think fried green tomatoes, or tempura). Weird. However, the chips that came with the sandwich were great. Yes, the best part of my Four Seasons lunch was the chips. Also, my chair was stained with red wine (and again, I was there at lunch, so this must have happened last night), yuck, and the server was all about the hard upsell.  Wouldn't go back, and am pleased that at least I got to use a gift card instead of our own hard earned cash.
Visited Proof for a weekend breakfast for something new. The experience was a huge disappointment. I have to say the staff was attentive and very polite, but that's where anything good ended. The brunch buffet was recommended and wasn't on the menu, so we tried it. The buffet turned out to be what I might expect at Denny's, but not quite that good. A crowed omelette station and the normal, bacon, sausage, potatoes, with a couple other items. I had an omelette with bacon and sausage. All were mediocre at best. The biggest disappointment was when I got the check. $71. For two buffets that could be gotten anywhere for under twenty dollars. After I picked myself off the floor and paid the bill, I vowed to scratch Proof off the list from any future visits.
I have been chef for 20 years and I only write reviews if a place is really good or really bad. This was both. Decor and waitstaff were good, but I can not get past the food poisoning we all got. It was the only meal we all shared upon arriving in Arizona on different flights, times, and airlines. We all had dinner together and the next day were were all extremely ill from top to bottom. Called the restaurant and was given the run around... as if I don't work in the industry and know how food poisoning occurs. We all had the same symptoms, sick at the same time, and were layed up for an entire day of my vacation. I would expect more from a four seasons...no compensation made and a memorable experience.
Came to Scottsdale for the 4th of July weekend. Third night here and couldn't find a really good spot to brag about. We thought proof would be a top notch little hidden place, I'm sad to say this place was disappointed us as well. We orders some beers and the sun devil mule, which were great. The butcher board was fabulous. As we go on with the entrees we were left disappointed. We tried the "exceptional" waffle and chicken. The chicken was too salty and tasted like old chicken. The waffle was not tasty, it came out soggy and fell flat. We then order the super food salad with steak. The salad was okay although the dressing was too runny. The steak was okay was nicely spiced. We then ended the night with some ice cream, they claimed was hand crafted. The ice cream tasted like store brought ice cream. The service was 5 stars too bad the quality of the food fell short. Really thought this place was going to be a hit.
Wonderful place for drinks, the view and vibe. He food was not good! The only item that we order and enjoyed was the cheese and meat plate. The chicken and waffles was a joke, looked like it was made 2 days ago and reheated for us. The waffle was not even as good as a frozen waffle you get at the market. The blueberry salad was horrible and the steak that accompanied it was not delicious. We then ordered ice cream, which according to the waiter is handmade. Well actually it tasted just like Dreyers ice cream from the market.   This restaurant is a joke and I am surprised that the Four Seasons management maintains a restaurant like this on the property.   Come here for drinks and the view but don't expect great dinning.
I paid 25 dollars for a lemon meringue pie.  It looked great!  We went to serve it and the lemon filling inside spilled out everywhere like milk.  Whoa!  We tasted it, and the flavor was really good, but no one was expecting a watery pie with meringue on top for 25 bucks.  Yikes!        Of course, if no one was worried about the appearances at all, we could have just used a straw to slurp up all the runny insides.
Friday night, place was not busy. Waiter forgot to bring drinks. Ordered appetizer only to be told 15min later they are out of said appetizer. Also out of a wine that a friend ordered.  Place is a renovated spot in a strip mall.  Atmosphere is ok but location is not desirable.  Good luck staying open thru the summer!
The happy hour specials and groupons lured me and my friends here on a weekday evening, but I was quite disappointed. First of all, about half the "tapas" (which are actually just appetizers) on the happy hour menu were the same price as they are on the regular menu ($5 or more) . Also, the food was alright. The peppy dew peppers were yummy, but the other "tapas" we tried were pretty mediocre, at best. They said they were out of one appetizer when we were ordering, but we saw another table order and receive it about 30 minutes later. They were short on menus, despite being far less than 25% capacity at the time. Some of these may just be growing pains of a new restaurant. There were also tons of flies around, which was pretty annoying. We didn't get any entrees so I can't speak to that, and the wines in the wine flight seemed reasonably good. Another drawback: if you get seated in the back section, there are no windows and very limited lighting (the waiter couldn't even see the water glasses well enough to know whether he needed to fill them up or not).
Terrible service, the manager is incredibly rude, not worth the try.
Rude staff. Dirty bar.
Let me start by saying the service was great. Barbara is an attentive and caring server who works hard to please the customer. That being said...  My boyfriend and I came to Salut after recommendations from a mutual friend. In addition Yelp stated their happy hour was till 7pm. We arrived at 6:30 and ordered two glasses of Cab. It was good and looking over the menu I was excited. The food seemed promising and reasonably priced. When I asked if the bruschetta was on happy hour Barbara informed us that they changed their happy hour till 6:30. Everything was full price. We were fine with that.   I ordered the piquillo bruschetta. My boyfriend the Pepperonata sandwich. The bruschetta had a pepper spread, green bell peppers, onion, bacon and smoked Gouda. When it came out I was already disappointed. When I order bruschetta I expect the bread to be crunchy (I know what is bruschetta...I'm Italian). The bread wasn't even close to toasted. The "pepper" spread tasted like it was BBQ sauce out of a bottle mixed with ketchup and some pepper for a kick. The bell peppers, onion, and Gouda were diced. The bacon was diced as well and cold. It's as if the chef cut bread slapped BBQ sauce on it cut the veggies and let the bacon thaw out before placing it on the top. I'm not confident the bacon was anymore then thawed out. Cooked? Not sure. The piquillo bruschetta can beat described as a Red Baron frozen pizza, left outside of the freezer, thawed and served.   My boyfriends sandwich wasn't much better. He ate maybe a quarter of it and gave up. We both focused on the fries (the only saving grace to the meal).   While their wine and beer selection is appealing, their food is disappointing.  I could make it at home for even cheaper then 9 bucks.   Barbara needs to get picked up by a place like Postino. Her work ethic and eagerness to please the customer is better served in a place that puts effort into their food. This Postino wannabe has a pretty appealing menu with a disappointing end result.   Salut!!!!  UPDATE  I got food poisoning.  This was the last meal I ate.  I'm about 95% sure it is what caused me to get sick.
I really wanted to love this place. I was so ready. Maybe I walked in with my expectations too high but... I don't know.  I came in with a Groupon for 2 drinks, 2 entrees and the S'mores. So let's start with the good. The food was very good, we had the italian panini and the piquillo ravioli, drinks were also good (if a bit overpriced), Death in the Afternoon and the Prohibition Manhattan. The S'mores were a cute touch but flavor-wise... meh. Just regular bland s'mores. The bar is very nice. I love the steampunk style decor and the layout flows really well.  The bad. It was sooooo hot. My date and I were both uncomfortable and it just kept getting warmer. When the s'mores came were both laughed because the little hot pot made it even hotter. The music was really bad reggae which seriously clashed with the ambiance of the the bar. I don't know why a business that obviously put so much effort into establishing a specific ambiance would overlook something as important as the music. The server brought the check without asking us and we weren't done, which is so irritating, We had planned on ordering another round of drinks but when that happened we decided to just leave because it was too hot.  Finally, we were charged for all 4 of our drinks even though the Groupon should have covered 2. I noticed our tab was higher than it should have been, but I didn't want to split hairs over 21$ on a second date.  Good food and drinks, but it's a bit too expensive for the all the problems. I don't think I'll be returning and I'm kinda bummed.
Unfortunately my friends and I had a terrible experience! My friend had made a reservation on open table for 8 of us. A couple of us got there a little early to get in for happy hour. They only had a table for 4 for our party. They told us we could wait at the bar while a table was set up for us. Another reservation of 5 came in with the same problem about a half hour later. Our table still hadn't been set up and they brought in another table from outside for this other reservation while we were still waiting. A ton of tables opened up but they kept giving them away to customers who just walked in. An hour had gone by before they actually had a table ready for us by which point we were done our food and decided to leave. Paying was even more of a nightmare. We ate on happy hour specials, but for three of us splitting a check they decided to charge us an already included 20% gratuity on what the whole bill would have been if it wasn't happy hour! (There also ended up only being 4 of us there so it was not a big party). So basically giving themselves about a 60% tip! So when we asked about it, it took almost half an hour to get our bill figured out with the bar staff. I originally paid with one of those Visa gift cards. I knew it wouldn't work to void it but gave it back to him anyway. I ended up putting it on my debit card. It took 6 days for them to fix the double charges on my checking account and 8 days to work out the void on the gift card. The owner was so nice and the food was alright, but so not worth the miscommunication between the staff and our wait time!
Don't waste your money. Went on a groupon and even with that discount it was still terrible. Food is more in line with Zipps not a nice restaurant. only difference is I would give Zipps 3 stars as I expect Bar what I get there.
happy hour menu read rolling rock and coors light for X dollars.  i ordered one and got less change than expected.  bartendar says the prices need to be updated.  chump change but i felt bamboozled.
We wanted to use a Groupon that included 2 flights of wine and a shared plate.  They refused to honor the Groupon because it was during their happy hour.  The Groupon isn't for a dollar amount so why does it matter??  I actually made the trip out there before learning of this since they didn't put this restriction on the deal so I was very unhappy.  The food was actually decent, and I wish I could have had some wine with it.  I could see how it could have went well together.  However, I was not going to pay a cent more than I needed to satiate my hunger at this point.    I will say though that there was a piece of lint/animal hair in the hummus nacho plate and there were a couple of flies that we couldn't get rid of so I have to say that I'm not sure about the cleanliness of the establishment.  The service was great, but its such a shame that the manager in charge at the time was so unreasonable about the Groupon deal.  Their hours are so limited during the week so really you have about an hour window to use this for dinner unless you want to eat late.  I try not to eat past 7pm so this Groupon is pretty much dead to me.
I am a food enthusiast, so when I read its reviews on good ol' yelp I thought it would be a great idea to by a groupon and check it out. The decour of the place is beautiful and very well maintained, but as I walked in my boyfriend and I kinda didn't know what to do so we stood around waited to be greeted. We were sat by a super polite host who told us our server would be with us shortly. The place was not busy at all, we were 1 of 3 couples in the whole area, and you can bet it took the server SEVENTEEN (17) minutes to come greet us and offer us water and suggestions. I did time it because my boyfriend and I were about to walk out of the locale.   I ordered the specialty salmon and my boyfriend a burger. The salmon was lacking flavor and the side rice was nothing out of the ordinary. My boyfriend enjoyed the burger but he said it was nothing special.   I have to give it to them on the drinks. We had the specialty drink with absinthe in it and it was quite tasty! I would still recommend this place because the atmosphere is quite nice and their specialty drinks are delicious.   If they stepped up their customer service they would be amazing. Maybe it was because I was using a groupon? Regardless you should never treat potential guests poorly, it drives service away. I tipped 100% ($20) and even with the groupon my tab was $40. I promise you if the customer service was better and prompt I would a regular there. The place is nice!
First time here at Salut, granted I used a chicken deal: 2 wine flights and appetizer. This should feed 2?? We ordered the caprese kabobs, we received 3 kabobs, very small kabobs. When we received our wine flights we didn't get the name, place or any information mentioned about the wine. The atmosphere was very nice.
For drinks, not a bad spot.  It's a decent atmosphere a good selection of beer, wines.  For food, based on the one item I have ordered, I will not return.  I ordered an appetizer of hummus with veggies.  The plate arrived with a small bowl of hummus, carrots, celery, cucumber and pita.  The carrots were cut into nickel and quarter size slices (and about as thin).  They were dry...as in when you leave them in a fridge all night uncovered.  The celery was bruised, dried and even a bit decaying on one side.  The cuc's were sliced too thin to even dip them in the hummus.  I didn't even bother trying the pita or hummus and sent the dish back.  I was surprised anyone would have the poor judgment to serve the poor quality of food that was on this plate.  This speaks to a poorly operated kitchen and chefs/cooks that just do not care, IMHO.  I suppose my expectations were too high.  A college town just cannot support more than one or two decent wine bars and this one is suffering from an identity crisis.  Cater to adults that expect good drink AND good food or cater to 20-somethings looking for cheap drinks?  I admit, I'm quick to judge and loathe to give second chances, but seriously, if you can't pass an appetizer test, why would I drop even more cash on dinners there?
Happy Hour should go until 7pm, but in this place it doesn't really matter. The prices of beer are in most cases lower for non-happy hour items. They charge $4 for a draft beer during happy Hour (unless you get Rolling Rock) and the domestic bottles are only $3 normally, so basically happy Hour pricing is useless. Another place that also picks and chooses what they want us to eat during happy Hour. They only decided to put four items on the HH menu. Most other dishes seem overpriced for a College area like Tempe. The patio is decent enough and one waitress should clearly be modeling something rather than slinging food to tables of college kids using daddy's money to buy expensive entrees.
This supposed to be a wine bar, yet they cater to the Bud Light crowd.  A few craft beers and the rest are your typical Bud, Miller Lite, Coors lights...Also, not a single AZ wine on the list.  Not impressed.
I have been to Salut two different times.  The first time was for happy hour with a group of girlfriends and the second for mimosas.  Happy hour was great as far as drinks and the munchies.  They have a great outdoor patio that opens up into the dining room AND it's pet friendly - always a plus!  The service was great both times I went.  Absenthe is their "thing" however, I did NOT care for it.  But it is an awesome experience to share with friends and it's only $5...deal.  As far as the mimosas...eh.  I've had better.  They were made with some kind of concentrate and it was much more O.J. than it was champagne.  That will make for quite the harsh heart burn...yikes.  Again service was KILLER so I was still pleasantly surprised.  I also had the 'meaty' omelet....it was d'lish!  They do not let your mimosa even begin to get low before they're back filling it up again...although, I attribute that to the fact that they're primarily O.J.  Eh, oh well!  I'll stick to the happy hour ! =)
Came back to use my groupon; the service was friendly but I wouldn't say it was speedy by any means.  The cocktail I ordered was sickening sweet and I ended up trading with my fiance for his moscow mule.  The mule wasn't overly sweet but there were muddled cucumbers that got stuck in your teeth every time you took a sip.  I had the brie sandwich that seemed pretty small and uninteresing.  My fiance had a burger and that was really tasty.  The reason I took this place down a star is because we both ended up feeling sick the next day from the food.  Bottom line, after trying this place out twice, is that I will only be back for the hh wine special.  This place has just missed the mark on the food.
I went here after seeing a picture of their oreo pancakes on the flyer. (Menu description said cocoa based pancakes with white chocolate butter creme filling, and the photo actually looked like a big oreo) Sounds amazing right!? Well what i got was a normal buttermilk pancake with crumbled oreos and hersheys syrup on it... Not cool.   Eggs benedict? More like eggs beneDONT! The yolk was hard and not runny at all, Hollandaise sauce was overly lemony, and the ham was probably oscar meyer.   Fresh squeezed orange juice was luke warm.  Even after comping the oreo pancakes due to false advertisement, the bill was still 84 dollars for 4 people's brunch. Not worth it.  We were expecting great food based on their advertisements and pictures and this was just not the case. Ill be having brunch at crepe bar on weekends from now on.
Such a disappointment!  We stopped in for brunch a week ago and sat on the pet friendly patio with our furry friend.  The service was quick, but the website and menu are very misleading!    I was craving the Oreo Pancakes after seeing them on their website and reading their description on the menu.  When they arrived, they were regular pancakes with Oreo cookie crumbles in them with a side of syrup...what???  The description says cocoa based pancakes with butter cream filling, white chocolate and caramel with Oreo crumbles...how does what I was served come even close to the picture on their website or this description?  EPIC FAIL!  Just a tip...please update your menu and your website to represent what you are actually serving!
Oh man....this place was....not good. I'm sorry to say it! It really was not good. I went here for brunch this morning with the bRUNch group (so, to be fair, there was a large group of people, but the ordering was staggered). A bunch of us got the 'cinnamon toast' chicken and waffles after it got a high recommendation from the waitress. This was one of the worst chicken and waffles I have ever had (and this was the consensus of everyone I talked to). The chicken was dry, bland, not sweet, did not have any flavor resembling cinnamon toast crunch, and was not even crunchy...it's in the title...come on. The waffle was spongy, you could barely cut it...there was no crunch to this either and it was bland...super bland. I ate maybe half...after running a 5k...so it's not like I wasn't hungry. The waitress came by to ask how it was and we all said ...ehhh.... and her response was 'oh well, people have different tastes.' This was not a matter of different tastes. I saw others' food including omelets and chorizo biscuits and gravy. The report was that the biscuits and gravy was even worse than the chicken, but I didn't try it, so I really can't say. I would say the only good thing at this restaurant was the mimosas, but they were tiny and overpriced. Will not be back, sorry guys!
After reading the glowing reviews here, I decided to go there for happy hour and I now find myself wondering if I was in the same restaurant that got those excellent reviews.  The atmosphere is nice and the service was good.  The food was not good.  I ordered the appetizer sampler plate.  The caprese tomatoes were hard and not ripe.  The mozzarella was not fresh.  The prosciutto was wrapped around cantaloupe that was not ripe and hard as a rock.  The fries were cold.  I will say the hummus nachos were very good, but since that was only 25% of the dish, it did not redeem that food.  I mentioned all this to the server as I think feedback is important, but she just gave me a blank stare.  I will not return.
I really wanted to like this place, but unfortunately it gets one star for the food alone. Maybe other things on the menu are better, but definitely steer away from the egg paninis. Maybe they ran out of ingredients? The vegetable one, which was supposed to have vegetables on it, had what seemed like less than an egg, one slice of tomato, 3 leaves of wilted spinach and some red onion. It was ALL greasy bread with no flavor (nothing really was inside of it). All that for $10. The service was good, but with so many other options in the area, why waste your hunger?
Staff needs some more training. The food is good. The mules are good. The best part is the S'mores! Other than that, out of the 2 times we've taken our out of town guests here it has been a pretty mediocre experience. Doubt we will be returning. Had a party of 4 and a party of 9 on each experience. Staff is friendly but they screwed up a lot. Completely wrong orders, asked questions about the menu and was told one thing but the opposite happened. Just bizarre overall.  Oh Honey! Mule* (autocorrect on the photo)
Please don't order the panini- any of them. We met some friends for brunch this past Sunday and the three girls each got different paninis while the guys got omelets. I got the veggie which was supposed to have egg, spinach, onion, tomato, and a garlic aioli.  It did, but barely. When it arrived, I opened it up on my plate and everybody gasped- there was about a teaspoon sized dollop of egg, 3 spinach sprigs, a couple of pieces of diced tomato and onion. Zero garlic aioli. There was a little more egg on the other half, but the rest of the ingredients were the same level of barely there. I showed our server when he came back and he was mortified and brought me a huge plate of scrambled eggs to add to the sandwich. In the meantime, the other girls had realized the same thing was happening on their paninis so we ended up sharing the extra egg to try and build some kind of substance.  The boys said their omelets were decent, but nothing to rave about. Also, they charge $1.50 extra for a tiny bowl of fruit- seriously, about 3 grapes and a couple pieces of melon. The bill for my husband and I, including a bacon bloody mary and one of their Mules was $47.50...pretty ridiculous considering there couldn't have been more than $3 worth of ingredients on my sandwich.  In the restaurants defense, we saw dishes go past that looked really good. Maybe go for the waffles or another big breakfast dish because those all seemed legit. I don't know why they even have paninis on the menu since they clearly don't want to make any kind of effort with them.
Tried to like this place and have given it numerous chances. I've been here for breakfast, lunch and dinner and have always had a bad experience. Service is poor, food is not good and overall the place is overpriced for what you get. There are small, basic things that could be changed to help this place out. Tempe could use a great wine bar with dog friendly patio.
My husband and I had visited once before when they first opened.  We were not particularly impressed but we wanted to return because they were new then and we wanted to give them time to figure things out.  We enjoy drinking and truly appreciate the talent behind a craft cocktail.  We were elated to see a craft cocktail and wine bar in Tempe.  I had the Lavender Lemon Fizz and it would have been a great drink with much less lavender syrup.  He had the Manhattan which specified on the menu that it came with Carpano Antica sweet vermouth.  It did not.  It also said it came with an Amarena Cherry but it was just a maraschino.  Craft cocktail descriptions and classic Mill bar execution.  Decorations and atmosphere are great and food has been good each time, but drinks are lacking.  Would return, but would have to switch to wine or beer.
I really enjoyed the Bloody Mary but I ordered a waffle and it was god awful. Also they sat my party of 8 outside where it was hot and gross. The misters were not even blowing in our direction. The service was not great and they hardly checked on us. What a waste of money! I am never coming back!
Came in a while ago and it was great came in again this past weekend and looked like all new staff. Our waitress took 30 min to get our drink order. Meanwhile she took two tables who sat down after us their drinks and food order before our drink order. We were her only three tables. After that it took her another 30 min to get our food order then never came to check on us we had to ask three times for the check and a box. After this past experience I probably won't come back.
Food takes quite a while to come out :\   small small portions for a bbq place and quite pricey. The similar place i have been to definitely crush this place in taste and quantity.  If you are craving bbq and don't want to go to a sit down place and you are in the area, sure why not. Support the mom and pops. But it isn't a first on my list.
Meh.  BBQ should not be bland; my pulled pork sandwich was. And lukewarm.  Hopefully it was a fluke; I won't be back.
Have been looking for a good BBQ joint for a long time.  The Wife, son and his wife and I went in to try the place out.  Sat at the table for about 15 min before someone came over to take the drink order (there were two other tables being used).  About another 15min the drinks arrived (one was in a soda bottle and NOT opened).   About another 15min went by and no one came to take our order.  I went to the counter, with the unopened bottle, and told the person behind the counter that I would like to pay for the two drinks and that we were leaving.  He tried to charge me over $8 for the two drinks.  I pointed out that I was returning the unopened bottle.  The price came down to $4.09.  I paid the bill and left.  At no time was I asked why were leaving or was told that they were sorry for the experience.  Truly shameful service.  I normally give places two tries but I am not so sure about this place.
The food is awesome but the delay is too long.  We waited 30 minutes from the time we ordered to get three BBQ sandwiches.
After reading all of these great 5 star reviews, I wanted to love Crostini. I really did, but i'm so sad to say my experience there was not very good.   So for those you of that have never tried it, here is an overview with my yesterday experiences: Parking was complicated. There is not really a designated parking area that I could find. There are signs that say for the apartment complex "corner parking only" which I was a little confused by. I did ask the Crostini employees, and they said they thought it was ok to park in those spots. So yeah....not sure if they have parking or don't? Mad construction right now all around Crostini, but I give them mad props for staying open during it! Good work on that.   No Bathrooms! None. So if you have to use a bathroom, go before you come here, or as my wife said to me, "if you can deal with the grossness of the bathroom around the corner at the coffee shop, which will remain nameless", you can use that one if you buy something there.   Atmosphere: Pretty chill jazz music in the back ground, very clean! A good place to sit and read a book outside. Good for 1 or 2 people (not larger groups).   Ok, so usually I can deal with confusing parking, construction, and no bathroom but here is the kicker... From the time we ordered our food, sat and waited......food to go. It took a solid 25 minutes--- With no line.... There was a group of 3 people, that looked like they had been there awhile waiting for their food as well. They finally recieved their food and I heard the counter girl say, "sorry for the wait, I put a bunch of $1 off coupons in your bag for next time".   After these people left, My wife and I were the only customer there, and I still sat for at least 10 minutes more waiting for my food. 2 panini's only!!!! Seriously. A Meatball panini and a gyro panini. That was all I ordered.  Toward the end of waiting after the only other poeple in the place left another guy came in and a employee working there must have known him and decided to have a conversation with the guy about the night before and where they partied (he was also ordering food). Rather than continue making my order, I seriously was a second away from asking for my $ back and just leaving.   The food: My Gyro Panini was pretty tiny considering it was over $6. It tasted good, I'll give them that. It did not come with any side (a very small pickle and green olive only) But there is no way I'm headed back there to pay that much $ for a small grilled cheese, looked like standard cheap (very cheap) white bread and a couple of small pieces of beef/lamb slapped together and crushed with 1 slice of chedder. Nope.  My wife got a Meatball Panini. I ate 1/4 it because I was starving after my small panini which felt like I had ate an appetizer. Her's was about double the size of mine but lacked flavor. It was meatballs, cheese and bread. Pretty much a meatball sub (but they called it a panini???) So the food was nothing even close to resembeling 5 stars. What a let down. I'd say 2 to 3 stars if they are lucky.   The place is tiny. Don't expect to find enough room to have a nice sit down meal if you have multiple people in your group, and just a heads up it's an "order at the counter and wait for your food" kind of place, which is ok. There is nothing wrong with that, but I guess for the person reading this Yelp review, they might want to know that before thinking they are headed there for a nice sit down with a server type of meal---It's not like that.   I did get  my free chocolate cookie, as I read on other Yelp reviews about. Yup, it was a cookie.  Unlike the people that sat and waited who knows how long before me I was not offered a "sorry for the wait" or any $1 off coupons.  Just a--- Here is your food, and a bag pushed my way from behind the counter.   So Yeah, not what I was expecting based off all the great reviews. I'm really bummed about this one. I just feel like I missed out on something that every one keeps saying is so awesome. Man, maybe it was just bad timing...I don't know. I'm just really bummed that this place was not as awesome as everyone said it was.  I should have taken a picture of my tiny panini to show you all (but i didn't) sorry, I was just so hungry from waiting for so long that I never thought of it.  I don't want to shame Crostini and more than I have.....because obviously there are 5 star reviewers out there who love this place, and I wish I had been one of them.
The owner was really nice. But for this price I felt like I was getting robbed with out a gun. Much rather  get a pizza. Also the masa was very dry something they must fix.
I was really excited about this place, because I love Tamales! However, I did not love these Tamales! They are flavorless, and bland as can be...zero flavor!!!! Texture is a little weird too, over steamed or something, not sure what the deal is. Customer service is great though.
I'm the first to admit that I'm a bit of a tamale snob. I find it very hard to find a really good tamale and I have to say I still haven't been able to find a great place in town to get my tamale fix.   I saw the Living Social for this spot and just had to give them a chance since tamales are some of my favorite foods. We dropped by while we were in the area since I knew my deal was about to expire soon. I decided to get a dozen to go. They are $16.99 for a dozen pork, $19.99 for a dozen beef and since I was interested in trying quite a few flavors they quoted me $26.99. Seemed a little pricy, but I still gave them a shot.   The tamales were wrapped and traveled well, but when we got to our final destination I was sad to see how puny they were, strike one. My favorite tamale place in LA sells them for a lot cheaper and they are nearly triple the size. I decided to look beyond size and hope for the best in the taste department. Well, they lacked a bit there as well. The spices were good, but the filling was severely lacking, strike two. Mostly masa and just a little bit of stuffing. The flavors weren't particularly distinct ether, strike three. I tried a few of pretty much every flavor that offered and I couldn't really decipher what was what despite them labeling them well. The meats were dry, the cheeses weren't gooey and the masa was much more grainy than I like. We also tried one of their dessert tamales for good measure. It was ok and had a nice subtle flavor, but didn't excite me too much.   Maybe my expectations were just too high, but I was really looking forward to this trying the Tamale Hut and I was severely let down. If I'm ever in the area again, I'd probably give them a chance and order a lunch combination or maybe an individual tamale just to give them another chance, but I don't see myself going out of my way to go back.
I had a Living Social voucher which expired on the 24th. Since I live in the other side of town, I made a trip over there on the 23rd to use my voucher only to find out that they were closed until the 25th(interesting). I contacted Living Social and was told that they would accept the voucher. I made another trip across town today to try and redeem my voucher to be told it would only be valid for the purchase price. I was also told that I had 3 months to use the voucher. When I explained that I live on the other side of town, I was told 'Well then you shouldn't have bought the voucher.' If this is how they treat potential customers, it's an extremely poor way to do business
The restaurant is beautiful. The food is very good. Will I be back? I don't really think so.   This is a very interesting review to write because while the food was quite good, as well as the fact that the restaurant is on the cutting edge of modern design, I left feeling somewhat disappointed.   It's very apparent that Sammy's is attempting to be the new trendy hot spot in the neighborhood. The comfortable place where you can go to get pizzas, salads, and sundaes as an entire family, is no more. While all that is still on the menu, and those selections are the same as they used to be, tapas takes the forefront.   The decor is gorgeous. But the flaws outweigh the beauty. There are too many tables for the space available and the large, modern, wicker chairs don't made it any easier to maneuver through the restaurant. I was sitting in a seat where I could see everyone come into the restaurant and be seated. There was literally not enough space to get to your seat, as in, the hostess had to actually move a table to allow for the customers to get through. I felt bad for the older customers, as well as the bigger customers in there, as it was apparent that they were having a very difficult time getting to their seat and then leaving afterward.   The food was good, but factoring the price, sort of disappointing. I'm aware that finer ingredients make the meal cost more. I have no problem going to a Lawry's or a Joe's Stone Crab because I feel that what I get justifies the price. But $12 for a single crab cake that's just petite and took two people sitting at my table a cumulative of three bites to finish is just unfulfilling. Sammy's is trying to be the next Firefly, minus the salmonella, but what you get just doesn't cut it.  Sammy's is desperately trying to be the trendiest place in all of Green Valley. But if I want to get tapas or a high-quality dinner and enjoy a great time with friends, I want to be in a place that's welcoming and there are far better options.   It seems that Sammy's is doing everything right on paper, but isn't factoring the most important element to a restaurant, making the customer feel at home.
To be fair, this was our second time dining at the upgraded version of Sammy's on Green Valley Parkway and we will NOT BE RETURNING.  The breakfasts consist of the same Sysco-type food that every other restaurant in Henderson (and Vegas for that matter)  have to offer.  The same frozen potatoes with peppers, small eggs from GMO fed farms (organic cage-free doesn't mean gmo free) and grossly processed meat.  So save a few bucks and just dine at the Grand Cafe up the street for the same low quality.  What ever you do, don't order your eggs scrambled - it's nasty.   Not sure what mix or cream they used, but it was like eating yellow creamy foam.  Never again.  I will drive the extra miles just to get the best breakfast on earth at EAT downtown.  For a place that boasts "gluten-free" options, I was stunned that they didn't even offer gluten free bread for breakfast.  Their juice drinks at $4+ a clip aren't even fresh - rather they are poured from a bottle and/or the equivalent to drinking a Coke.    Cheap ingredients and originality is very low.  The pizzas could have been frozen for all I knew.  Bland and no flavor.   If you like matzo crackers, then the artisan pizzas are for you.  The salads were wilted and over poured with dressing.  During BOTH visits, the staff refused to give me box for our pizza!  They offered to "box" it, yet BOTH times they ruined two left over pizzas  by wrapping them securely  in aluminum foil!   Who does this?   Do they think  the toppings won't stick to the foil?  Or maybe that people with a nice car don't want food leaking???  When I asked for a "box", I was told, "we don't give out boxes".  Mind you, they give boxes for take out, but if you buy two of the most expensive pizzas and only eat half, you get foil.  I told her that I would pay for a box and so the waitress returned with a plastic container that was clearly too small for the pizza and said "will this do"? Then she walked away in a huff.   The two California investors for this restaurant standing by did nothing.  It is my hope that the CA investors who are constantly on the floor and yet strangely never  interact with patrons, will bring in a few experienced servers from California to demonstrate to Las Vegas waitstaff how the job should be done.  This "i will probably only ever serve you once" mentality is best left for Las Vegas Blvd.
Place is pretty big. There is 4 sections (24hr gaming bar, indoor, regular bar and a "patio" section). We got there on Sunday around 6/7pm and it was packed. There was no seating area so we had stand and wait to be seated.   We finally got seated after 15min, the waitress got us our beverages and took our order.   Here is what I think of this place: - slow service/barely any service - dishes that are already on the table is dirty (still had old food residue) - portion size of the pizza is a bit bigger than your typical Sammy's but it's not the same because they do not have a brick oven to cook the pizza. And they didn't use the artisan crust for the Brie cheese w truffle oil "artisan crust" pizza - prices are a lot higher than your typical Sammy - it took over half hour to get our food and when we got it, it wasn't even what we ordered so we had to wait some more.  - place is very loud because if the high ceiling and glass surroundings  All in all my bf and I didn't like the place. We will stick to "our" Sammy's on 215 and rainbow where it's just much more intimate w great customer service.
TWO STARS is all you get. Reason being I am glad this location was not taken over by a pawn shop, happy ending spa or a needle exchange and also because the food is decent. I repeat. The food is decent.   My big beef with this restaurant is the service. When I say service I mean the Management.   I have been to Sammy's on three separate occasions. First time with a fellow Yelper for brunch and I had the breakfast tacos which were good. Not great, but good. Service was on point.  Second visit was at lunch time on a Sunday with my mother. It took our waitress 25 minutes to get us our drinks. I realize how long it takes to get water and how difficult it is. What was even more annoying than our waitress was the fact that they let the patrons who were sitting at the nice bar in the center of the restaurant scream at the TV during the football game. They were tossing back $10 bottomless Mimosas and obnoxiously reacting to every play and startling all of the dining customers who most of them appeared to have just come from church. Not cool especially because this restaurant has a side sports bar where they should have been directed to. Not cool especially because the Managers did nothing at all about it. The Managers stood by the bar and watched the game the entire time, too! Not my idea for a relaxing Sunday brunch. If I wanted this ruckus I would have gone to the sports book!  Third visit I really disliked a pasta dish I was sharing. Took one bite and no more. I mentioned it to the waitress and was still charged for it. Way to keep it classy, Sammy's.   NOT ONCE IN ANY OF MY VISITS DID THE MANAGERS TOUCH ANY TABLES TO SEE IF THE GUESTS WERE HAPPY WITH THEIR FOOD AND SERVICE.  Lastly, I did not want to write this review.It's my favorite time of year when I pretty much love everyone and everything.  I shared my frustration with their website directly. But, when 2 MONTHS later I did not receive anything more than a generated email response from the Sammy's website I knew I had to let the Yelp family know. I will not be playing it again, Sam I am.
I'm urging people to avoid this place at all costs. My daughters and I ordered a pizza. It was terrible. A frozen pizza from Smith's would have been better. The service was as bad as the food. The server seemed to go out of her way to avoid us. Then she overcharged us & the manager had to make corrections to the bill. There are many good restaurants in the Henderson area.  This isn't one of them.
My family and I went there for my birthday. I have very high expectations seeing it's my birthday dinner. I choose to give them my money which will never happen again. It took 20 minutes for someone to take our order, I never knew my servers name, when the order was taken 2 entrees were not entered into the system.  Dressing was not brought and forgotten about. The chopped salad was the worst salad ever. No server came and asked if everything is ok. So here's my advice.... Do not give a server a busy station, servers need to communicate with customers as people because last time I check I was a person and I can be talked to about anything. The manager was absolutely amazing and I thank him for that but no service recovery helped us. Please retrain your servers. The customers deserve that for giving you their money and are there for a positive experience so they will be repeat customers. I hope this changes because it's just another checked off place that I will never go to.
Have eaten at other Sammy's locations many times over the years in Las Vegas and Henderson - but my visit to this location will serve as my last visit to Sammy's.  Service was just awful (tapas and first courses served after entrees were brought out - not sure if this was an issue with the kitchen or the waitstaff), food was unremarkable at best, management was not on top of anything and made no effort to address any issues, charges were on the bill for upcharges not disclosed on the menu, one item came to the table with an ingredient incorporated in the item that requested to not be in the item, that the server verified would be left out of the dish (guess they are not concerned about or attentive to guest requests for preferences, potential food allergies, other items).  Way too many lapses in service, poor quality of food and lack of management oversight.  Never again, just terrible...
The service was horrible.  Ordered two pizzas and a salad. 35 minutes for the pizzas to arrive, they were room temperature.  The salad took another 25 minutes. Server was non-existent.  Had to ask other servers for drinks and our check.  Disappointing. Will not be back.
The service of a Restraunt is both it's face and backbone and this one has horrible complacent service... It took us an hour and a half to have a meal here on a Sunday night. We sat there for 30 mins before we had our drinks. Like previous posts, we noticed the manager standing near the bar watching football while his Restraunt was falling down around him. We saw several employees on the floor but "they" were clearly running the show, and poorly at that.  Steps of service were nonexistent. From start to finish the service was lacking on every level. Our server's section was clearly larger than she could handle, follow up was a joke, dirty dishes in front if us the whole meal, we wanted refills on our drinks but couldn't get them and the check took forever to come and God knows we couldn't wait to leave this place!   Save yourself from a huge hassle and order Domino's...
Although the food was good, I hate to say that the service this time around was not. My first time here a few weeks back was much better, even though the place was packed, we received constant, excellent service. Tonight was a totally different experience. We ordered an app and two pizzas, waited at least thirty-five minutes, app never showed. When the pizzas arrived we asked that the app be cancelled. Our server came back to say the pizzas just cooked faster than our little dumpling app (really??). I can forgive a mistake (like if someone forgets to put our app order in...) but I don't like being lied to. She proceeded to say that it was being cooked and that the manager would swing by and 'take care of it'. We never saw such manager, our server only checked on us once, and I left with a bad taste in my mouth. I love the feel of this new Sammy's but one cannot live on ambiance alone. There's a small mom & pop pizza spot down the street from home that always delivers on the service front. I'd rather give them my business no matter how meager it may seem. It would have showed some good character if a manager would've showed up and simply apologized for whatever mistake was made. No need to comp anything, just own up to the mistake, apologize and move on. Very disappointed, I really wanted to love this new location.
The only reason this is not a 1-star review is because the food was actually good. The service, however, was terrible. We had a reservation for our large group of 12 but still had to wait 20 minutes to be seated. The manager was rude and told us that a reservation was not a guarantee for seating. After we were finally seated, it took over an hour for our food to arrive. It's unfortunate that something as easy to provide as service was so blatantly ignored and that customers were treated as a burden. Get it together or you won't survive the Vegas local's service expectations.
Poor service at the bar. New York pizza was medicore. Honey pizza was a big letdown. It was more of a cracker than it was pizza or bread; a thin crispy cracker with some toppings on it.  And even at happy hour, it was not a particularly cheap tab; speaking of which, we had to wait forever just to get the tab. I had an empty glass half the entire time I was there. It's just not a place worth going to at all.
We had always heard that Sammy's food was so good and couldn't wait to try it.  So on Friday night, we placed an order to go.  We ordered a 5 cheese pizza and were completely disappointed.  I should have known that it wasn't going to be good as when I picked up the box, I had to check to see that there was a pizza in there as it was so light.  The pizza tasted like something you'd get at Cici's or a low chain buffet.  Completely disappointed.  We also ordered the Balsamic Grilled Chicken Salad and this was ok.  The chicken was a bit burnt and dry.  We also ordered some Pork Dumplings and they were probably the best thing we ordered.  As for the service, there was some confusion on how to pay for a to-go order when I went to pick it up . . . they were nice enough about it, but just seemed like they still haven't gotten the flow of a new restaurant yet.  I looked at the other reviews and just didn't have the same experience as others had.  Maybe it was an off night . . . maybe the food doesn't hold up when you take it to go.  Maybe we need to dine in and see what we think before completely writing off this restaurant.   I do know this . . . . If I want to order Pizza to go, I would much rather get it from Metro Pizza.  Hands down!!!
I won't go here again. The best part of it is its interior design. Long waiting time to be served. Waited 40 minutes for breakfast for two. Food is so-so, nothing special, eatable but for Vegas/Henderson is not a criteria. Bathrooms are dirty. Looks like it was cleaned not later then a week ago. After addressing this issue to the manager, I was told they were going take care of it. An hour later when I took my baby to change it was all the same. Then there was trash and dust next to the bar stand... Now I don't feel comfortable eating there, god knows how dirty is their kitchen.  If the place is dirty on Sunday morning I wouldn't go thee for dinner for sure...
Horrible. Do not go!  Food was horrible. Service sucked!  Waited 15 min to get seated with the restaurant being empty. They had three hostess and they were all confused. Then seated and ordered and when out food came everything was cold. I don't go to restaurants to get served cold food. After I told them they did apologize and comp our meal but just disappointing for a family Sunday dinner
I came for lunch, and like most places lunch service fails. The servers couldn't hold plates properly. Their arms looked as if they were going to wobble off. They also sucked at clearing tables. The menu was hot mess!!! Asian, Mediterranean, Italian,  Mexican,  tapas, pastas, pizzas. Uhh... yeah. I couldn't figure out what to order! It took me forever. Normally I'd start ordering everything that looks appetizing, but nothing caught my eye. Maybe because I didnt know where to look.  Also im baffled at how huge the salads were, but then the entrees are so so, and you only get a soup cup of 8oz. It makes no sense!!! Like is the salad an entree? I'm so confused as to what is going on. The only reason I gave it a two was because it looks really nice inside.
Just got back. I had the grilled vegetable salad. It was small and didn't have enough dressing. The waitress didn't come back to see how everything was till we were done.  My friend had the grilled chicken. Nothing special. Kind if foo foo food. Not a big fan. Food was fair, service poor. Wont go back.
Hmmm. Bait and switch? Got a flier from a representative from this place and they won't honor their advertisement. It's says that you get a custom pizza and salad made from scratch all at a respectful price of 7.75 I thought that was a great deal until I called and the guy who answered said it was either or not for both. Sucks because I heard that their pizza is not bad but I'm not going to spend my hard earned money at a place that won't honor their mistakes. Good luck Fired Pie.
It's just ok.  I think it is too pricey for what you get!  We will not return.
Pizza was ok, nothing exceptional.. salad was good.. I don't think I will order  a pizza next time from here.
Pizza and salads are pretty good. Reason I gave them 2 stars is because the manager/owner is very condescending and rude.  I could write a lengthy review but I feel like nobody would read it. First went when they first opened and went a few times after because it's right by my work and I was excited that we got a restaurant in AZ that is similar to Pieology.   I could go on about the manager/owner but the thing that irked me the most was when I was listing the veggies I wanted on my pizza, I got to about 7 toppings, and he goes "Whoa the limit is 5". I quickly apologized and in a very condescending way he says, "Uhh I'll let it slide this time." I thanked him but while still in line I also saw him picking toppings off another customer's pizza and angrily tossing them out because apparently they picked too many toppings too. Shortly after I realized he wasn't doing me a favor. He micro manages like crazy, you can tell he's all about cost management first and hospitality second. The funny thing is nowhere in the RESTAURANT OR MENU does it say 5 TOPPING LIMIT.  I hope the management changes or the guy comes to his senses that he's making his employees and customers uncomfortable because frankly the food is more than decent and not super expensive and more importantly it's right by my office. This guy hasn't just turned me off from the restaurant but a handful of my co-workers as well.
Love, love the idea of choosing your own toppings and creating a custom pizza pie!The pizza was pretty good, too.  This would have gotten at least 4 stars had it not been for the fly that was buzzing around the raw ingredients in the open containers.  It was allowed to roam free the entire time I was there.  Then there was this gal with a bandana behind the counter who was constantly talking on her phone and I can't help but think about her spit getting on the food.  When they sliced the pizza, they did not use gloves and the same chatty gal was the one slicing after pulling out her phone time and again to talk on it.  The tables can use a wipe down or two but seems like the employees were either too busy taking calls on personal phones or chatting amongst themselves to keep the place tidier.  Too bad.  Would have liked to go back.  May try other locations.
Interesting concept and above-average pizza, ruined by possibly the rudest owner of an eating establishment I have ever encountered. And his rudeness wasn't even directed at me.  I'll kick this off with the huge negative for this experience. The owner.  As I approached the front of the line and my time to order, he stepped behind the counter and started replacing some food items. He noticed something wrong (not sure what) and proceeded to loudly berate his employee right in front of me and everyone else in line. Following that ouburst, he assumed one of the positions on the line and started putting toppings on pizzas as requested by the customers. One of those customers my friend right behind me. My friend, God-forbid, couldn't hear what the owner was saying to him (and it was our first time there as well), and very loudly, rudely and in a very condescending way repeated himself. It was so awkward and uncomfortable that my friend only got a couple of the toppings he wanted so that he could discontinue the exchange.  Note to the owner: this is not New York City and this is not a soup kitchen and this is not a Seinfeld episode.  You are wound very tight and make what should be a fun/pleasant experience one that isn't. I feel sorry for your employees who have to take your verbal abuse in front of customers.  Your rudeness to my friend was unnecessary.  You are in the wrong business. There are other comments/reviews that also make mention of your rudeness. Your food is pretty good, but certainly not at the expense of such poor service.  Also, your employees were kicking tail behind the counter. They were all friendly, and they were all fast and accurate. I would have quit on the spot right  in your face if you spoke to me like that in front of customers. You could use some training.  As for the food, it was above-average. I had my own creation and enjoyed it.  The salad we got was very good.  Thankfully there are many equally good pizza spots throughout the valley.  I won't be returning here for the reasons stated above.
I hate to update with a negative review but my meal and the service I received this evening sucked. My pizza arrived but it was cold because it wasn't cooked long enough. I even talked to them and they offered to remake the pizza....which came back with cold ingredients and unmelted cheese a second time. Wtf? Two tries and you can't leave a pizza in the oven long enough to melt the cheese? And it took waaaay too long to get it remade. My slow-eating kids were finished long before I got my new (but once again room temperature) pizza.  There's usually an older and younger African American couple here (father and son, maybe?) who always took really good care of us and produced fantastic pizzas but they weren't here tonight.   What a disappointment! This visit took away all of my enthusiasm for the joint.
This restaurant has growing pains..  The restaurant was clean and colorful.  The kitchen sits in the middle of the restaurant and the aromas are everywhere.. I ordered spring rolls as an appetizer.  They appeared on the bill but not on the table. I like my dinner spicy.. "Thai hot".. My phad  thai came with no spices and I should have sent it back.. I've eaten in many Thai restaurants and don't hesitate to ask for the spice rack to give my dinner more kick.. Every spice rack has always included thai peppers in fish sauce but for some reason this was missing..  The scallions in the phad  thai were almost non-existent too.  My dining companion ordered curry that was overly sweet and scant on the meat.  I may go back but not really anytime soon..
I've tried 4 times to do take out.  Every time something was missing or messed up or just took forever!!! I get it, we're new we're new, BUT plenty of restaurants open and know what they're doing.  It's a restaurant, you don't get a learning curve or you end up closed.  As I expect this place will be soon.  Food is good if they have what you order.  Went like this: First 3 times I wanted take out they didn't do phone order so we had to drive in, order and wait.  The menu online said 4 spring rolls to an order, only got 3.  This happened twice.  I order green curry, they didn't have it.  Next time we ordered something else they said 15 minutes to pick up, got there and they were just starting the order and this time had the green curry, but had run out of chicken (at 7:00 pm) so my husband called and we ended up waiting another 25 minutes.  He got home and the Tom Ka Gai soup had all chicken, but no veggies at all!!! Just the coconut milky soupy part and chicken!  I was like "that's why they're out of chicken, it's all in the soup."  Just not worth the headache. When you google Thai food in 85022 you'll find literally ELEVEN other Thai restaurants.  Too bad they won't be around to try again in a few months since they're so close, but just one mile past there going south are 2 more Thai restaurants.
My Massaman Curry tasted like peanut paste, I couldn't tell if there was any coconut milk in it at all. It was just poor quality in my opinion.
The worst thai food I have ever had! Save your money.. I was excited that they are  aware of gluten free but the food was not good. The pad thai noodles were one big gelatinous pile really not edible, spring rolls were ok but in my to go order they didn't give me any sauce, the chicken in curry was dry & overcooked. This was waste of $30!
We visited the new location tonight for a late dinner. After ordering and paying, one of the line cooks made derogatory remarks in Spanish about my boyfriend and myself. We were the only patrons in the restaurant so it was clear the comments were about us. Whether he thought we didn't speak Spanish or thought we couldn't hear him, it was completely unacceptable in 2014 to be such a hateful, homophobic ass! We immediately asked for a refund and left without eating.
I did a search for vegan food on Yelp and the Mac Shack came up.  Last weekend I went to eat there and asked the cashier if there were vegan items on the menu.  The cashier did not seem to know what vegan means, so she asked the girl working next to her.  The second girl said they do not serve any vegan items.  The way the second girl replied to her co-worker left me wondering if there really were not any vegan items on the menu, or if she just did not want to be bothered telling me what items were vegan.  The place wasn't very busy when I was there, so it wasn't like she couldn't find the time.  Although a few menu items looked as if they could be vegan, rather than trying to ask, we just left.  It looks like a nice place, but for us, the customer service was lacking.  If there are vegan items on the menu, I hope someone will point them out.  There are no designations, as far as I could see, on the website menu.
Service needs a lot of improvement. Ordered to go at 7pm, got food at 7:40. Thank goodness we decided to stay and eat because they got our order wrong. No apology given.  Won't be coming back for sure.
Some people recommended this place to my mother & I... and I guess it's good for some people, but not for us!  The garlic breadsticks were awful... the only flavor they had was heavy garlic, that I was belching up hours later, even after only 2 bites.  It wasn't smooth & yummy like most garlic bread I've had almost anywhere else. As for the pasta... I had penne alfredo and my mom had the angel hair marinara... I admit, I'm picky, and I literally ate 2 bites and couldn't eat any more... first, the pasta was chewy & crunchy... maybe al dente, not my choice for pasta... or just not cooked properly, IDK... but worse was the alfredo sauce... it was SO heavy on the butter & cheese... mostly butter, that's really all I could taste, but worst of all was the bitter after-taste that came a few seconds later.  Awful.  And mom's marinara was worse, it was too acidic & bitter, she actually spit hers out into her napkin and couldn't eat more than that first bite, and she said the after-taste was even worse... she tried mine as well, and said mine was a TINY bit better. So I guess some people like the taste of their sauces. But sadly for us, it was awful and a waste of $20... we walked out leaving 2 full bowls of pasta, and one full order of breadsticks, and a second order of breadsticks with a couple bites out of them... waste of money and time, very disappointing overall.  Definitely not for us & not somewhere I'd go again.
Solid choice for lunch, although I wasn't too impressed overall.  Came here for the lunch special, only to find out that it is only on the most BASIC of pasta choices and sauces.  For instance, the "Smokehouse Mac" that I wanted to order could NOT be substituted even at a higher cost.  They should allow "premium" choices or add on a couple extra bucks per topping desired.  So because of this, I ordered the Pesto Penne ($7.99 Lunch Special): Comes with Breadstick, choice of Soup/Salad & a Drink. Not bad! Wish the breadstick tasted fresher, and perhaps I should have added something else to the mix...like a meat choice or cheese or something, since it was pretty basic and was lacking depth.  For the soup choice, I went with the Chicken Noodle Soup ($3.95 but included w/ lunch special). Good, but not great...I'd recommend trying one of their other choices.   And because I came here for the mac in the first place, I ordered a separate Smokehouse Mac ($8.95): Smoked Gouda Cheese & Applewood Smoked Bacon with Barbecue Sauce. This was a HUGE portion, super rich and HEAVY. I am a gouda LOVER, but this was a bit much to eat.  Another small qualm, I called in initially to ask if they had free wifi....I was told yes.  When I arrived, I could not get it to work for my laptop or my phone.  After asking multiple employees, some said they did offer it...some said no.  And nobody was able to help me get it working.  Good luck!
This place is so-so at best. Good in a pinch but not a first pick. The califlower was the best dish we had. The second visit still didn't impress, which I was so hoping it would. It's a cute place and I really wanted to love it. But the sauce all taste the same whether you chose white or red...wawawa! Lunch maybe, dinner NO! They need to step it up a notch!
Don't go after 8:30.  Their staff only cares about closing up and ignores anyone still in the restaurant.  Never received garlic bread and had to ask for refund; and they took away the iced tea from the beverage station with 5 - 6 tables still occupied.  May never go back.  Only giving 2 stars because food was good and the cashier re-stocked the Tootsie Pop display.
First off the customer service in this place is great. I walked in to the mac shack wanting and hoping for a warm, cheesy, goodness that would be the next new level in my mac and cheese arsenal. so I ordered the "smoke house" mac and cheese, which by the description from the menu sounded ridiculous. I was pumped, I thought to my self man this is going to be epic!!! also got the garlic bread (because I love some good garlic bread)  so I sat down in there very well done restaurant area Then a short time after I got the soup...I mean mac ... well it could have passed for soup. looking at it stomach rumbling I take a bite, instantly an overwhelming taste of very sweet bbq sauce hit my taste buds and not a hint of the smoked gouda as promised from the menu.  The dish resembled vodka sauce and mac elbows, no cheese and so much soupy sauce that I could soke it up with the garlic butter covered little Cesar's style bread sticks. after about 6 bites I gave up and abandoned the dish. I do really wish that I would have had a better experience at this fast casual restaurant. maybe the cook needs to be retrained or replaced either way they wont getting any $13 lunches from me.  to me first impressions are everything and should be. this places food did not impress me in the slightest.
I live in Summerlin and everytime I drive down Charleston I say to myself, I need to try this place!  I finally did and I wasn't impressed.  I went around 6pm and when I walked in, it was not that busy.  70% of the tables were occupied and no line.  As I looked over the menu, everything sounded pretty good. I walked up and decided to go with a fettuccine alfredo with chicken +broccoli (add .50), side caesar salad and breadsticks... I was hungry!!! I wish I would have checked in before I ordered, because I would have gotten those breadsticks for free. DARN!  I also got a soda and with tax, my bill was about $16.  For an entree, salad, breadsticks and soda, I didn't feel like I overpaid.... I would say prices are in line with places like Panera.  But, it's not a full service restaurant, so some would debate the prices.  I will say that this place is pretty sexy inside. Faux leather banquettes with the reclaimed wood feel. Chalkboards fill the restaurant with words like "organic chicken" "THE BEST" and other words that try to make this place something that it's not..... And that would be a place for foodies.  My meal arrived and that's when everything went downhill.... Fettuccine was bland, definitely needed more cheese, salt.... SOMETHING!  As I'm eating my rubbery processed chicken, I'm looking at the chalkboard that says fresh organic chicken.... I'm in this industry, I know what fresh grilled chicken tastes like, and the chicken they serve here is NOT that.  The breadsticks were not that soft and barely had any garlic flavor..... The salad was pretty tasty though. The dressing had a nice garlic bite to it and the croutons were fresh and crunchy.    Mac Shack really needs to think about sourcing fresh ingredients, because the chicken in my fettuccine was processed and the broccoli was frozen and microwaved/steamed.  This place needs to focus on transparency because it's trying to be something that it's not.  You're a modern looking Panera with slightly higher prices.  I will give you one more chance in about 3 months....
I habe been here 4 seperate times aroumd 710a to 720a and this place is always locked up tight. The sign says 7am for the open time. Why can't they open on time.  Other bakerys that I goto are open at 5a and 6a....  this bites cause I am on my way to work! OPEN ON TIME!!
I'm excited that a gluten free restaurant/bakery is in my neighborhood and has easy parking. The menu looks great and the food plates I saw looked amazing. I've only been there three times. Twice to meet a friend for coffee and once to get take out pastries which were amazing.  The actual experience was not so great. Since it is a new place, the staff should be a little more inviting. When you walk in the door for the first time, it's hard to tell if you are to seat yourself and a server comes over or if you are to get in line (and which side of the counter because there were people on both sides and cutting in front of people in the other line). The three times I went there were no greetings or acknowledgement from the staff-even if they saw us come in. I thought that was a little rude. Not a good first, second or third impression for a business that just opened in a community.  I will have to try the food sometime when they have had a chance to get their staff trained on common courtesy and customer service.   I always hate it when I either go to a place and love the food, but the experience was bad or if I hate the food, but the staff, experience and decor is cool.
Tasty sandwich.  Thanks for gluten free options. Love the fresh and local fruits and veggies.
I finally had the time to get to 24 Carrots today, only to find out they're not open on Sundays. Very disappointing, so I drove a few miles to Piicazzo's (NE corner of Kyrene and Warner) to get my organic juice. I'll try to get to 24 Carrots another time, but Sundays seem to be my out and about day.
Just ate there. Food was bland and flavorless. We had to go and get a menu to verify what we ordered, as the menu claimed it came with certain things and toppings which did not make it to our plates. The burger has like warm mush that faintly tasted like potatoes. Salad unimpressive as well unfortunately.  $30 down the drain. Tempe and Phx has better options out there we hope...
My first impression was very disappointing. Ok, to give them the benefit of the doubt, their register crashed causing their disorganization. There wasn't a lot of people though and the four of us only ordered juices/smoothies. How hard is that?! I also ordered one of their chocolate balls from their bakery.  They forgot it, so I had to go back up to the register to ask about it. The guy was apologetic and said he's bring it right over, which he did.  Everyone got their smoothies and juices but me. I remained patiently waiting until my friends finished their drinks. I realized they forgot me again. I went back to the register and notified the girl there that I never got my cucumber cooler. She apologized, they made it right then and there and gave it to me.  I was a little annoyed at all this.. So much that my review so far is solely based on customer service.  While waiting I did have a sip of the Good Juju and berry smoothie. They were both delicious. This is the reason I might come back, but if the service is the same I certainly won't.
No. No no no.  It's places like this that give veganism, vegetarianism, and frankly vegetables, a bad name.   We went here for Mother's Day and boy was it a mistake.   We ordered the hummus to start which had about 1.5 tablespoons which wasn't even enough to dip all the vegetables we were given. Also it wasn't good. I had the BLT which was bland and had a weird taste. I also ordered the apple soyrizo hash which had no soyrizo in it and when I asked I was told it's just the flavor. Well then don't put that in the name of the item and also then where is the flavor coming from??   My brother had the avocado quinoa bowl and it was tasteless and missing items like black beans and my mom had the blueberry French toast... The toast was literally just toasted and there were barely any toppings, in fact she had to ask for more to make it edible. Also the free mom-mosa that was to come for my mom took 45 mins: ridiculous.   Apparently the smoothies are good so my recommendation is - make it a smoothie bar... Smoothies, coffees, dessert.. That'd be great.  But don't do food. I cook vegan food and it can be delicious. This was not that. And it was way overpriced for what it was.   Someone did come over to ask us how it was and when we told her she offered to refund us, which we declined, or give us a gift certificate which we did accept.. But that's always like cool your food was bleh gimme more! We may return to try something else but well see. Not in a rush.   We got Baskin Robbins after. Can't go wrong there.
My wife and I went in around lunch time. There was literally no one there and no one acknowledged that we were there for several minutes. There was only one item in the entire glass case. We stood around awkwardly until we saw the laminated menus in the holder on the wall.   We decided to try a juice before we ate so I ordered a carrot-orange juice. It was about $5 and came out luke-cold. I felt pretty disappointed at that point to we left.   It is a really cool looking place but the service and food seemed really sub-par, especially for the price. I see a lot of positive reviews so I may try this place again but my time there was definitely a 1-star experience.
I'm skewing the perfect record but I'm sorry. I haven't been this disappointed in a dining experience in a very long time. My family and I sat for almost 10 minutes while we waited for our meal. The waiter finally stopped by, asked if we had ordered any drinks, but realized we didn't have menus, and left without taking any drink orders. 10 minutes later he's back with menus. Still no drink orders. 15 or so minutes later he finally takes our drink order. So needless to say, the service was poor. When we  finally did order, we were famished.   My husband had their signature burger which he described as forgettable.  My father had a grilled cheese with mushrooms, and Chicken Chili. He loved the chili describing it as "filling and hearty"   My mother had the fish fry and she loved it.  I had the chicken and dumplings and I was quite disappointed. It lacked depth, and flavor. My husband took a bite and said the Military MREs has more flavor.   The service was poor, the table of drunk girls got unwavering attention. So perhaps, they cater to a drinking crowd.   Best part of the evening? Watching a Scottsdale mom pull an Olive out of her martini and feed it to her infant. DRUNK BABY ALERT lol   My take away, come for the booze. Ignore the "gourmet" menu.
I had to send my drink back twice as the bartender could not make a martini.  I ordered a salad and the lettuce was wilted and old.  It was not a good experience and the service was just ok -- I would not recommend unless you want a beer and a burger those looked good.  The atmosphere is amazing
Just went for a quick app and drink for happy hour.. 4 soggy on the outside and dried out on the inside chicken wings for 6$(I know that cheap) but not good either way!! Our side of fries were forgotten as well good thing they weren't on the check. I won't be visiting again.
Must have been a very off night for this place... Walked in and told them it was our first time in- we live in the neighborhood and were looking forward to giving this place a try- super sarcastic hostess says, "yeah we are pretty awesome". Umm ok. So we asked for table of 5 plus a high chair, took them about 10 minutes to figure out they couldn't seat us for at least an hour, hostess was so rude- said they don't normally seat parties of more than 4 (what!?). Walked out front to find three empty 4-top tables, walked back in to hostess and asked if they could push two together and she told me that's not their policy and she would have to ask a manager- even more attitude from her now- I let her know I would like to speak to the manager at this point. He turns out to be even less help than her. We explained we lived up the street etc, he seems like he could care less. Just a side note here- we are a clean cut married couple- dressed casual but nice- late twenties with a beautiful little blondie baby and we literally live two seconds from here. So bummed at how lame this place turned out to be. Won't be back. Last thing- we decided to eat at ha humble pie instead, turned out to be happy hour still and we were seated right away either amazing service as usual and great food.
Very odd .... We have tried to go 3 times on the weekend and on 2 occasions they were having a Private Event, at Lunch.. REALLY?? Owner(s) seem a bit flippant... "Sorry, we are closed for a Private Kentucky Derby Event for our Contractors"...Again.. REALLY??? This is a neighborhood place that isn't available to the neighborhood. I will say that the 1 time we did get in the food was ok, a little pricey, but OK.
I was with a group of about 12 people on Saturday and we had some time to kill before going to a wedding. Since this place had just recently opened I thought it would be good to try out. We walked in and tried to get the hostess to seat us. She looked extremely overwhelmed by us coming in, by the way it was not crowded, and said she would have to get her manager to seat us. While this was happening some of us decided to go to the restroom and they were disgusting! It looked like no one had cleaned them in several days, they smelled terrible and the trash was overflowing! After coming out of the restroom we found out that manager was refusing to seat our group and that they would not be able to serve us. I have never been treated to such poor service ever! The restaurant had more than enough room for us and they would not give us any reason why they could not accommodate our group. With all the other fantastic restaurants in the area I can't imagine this place will be open very long based on the way they treat their patrons.
My husband wanted to try this place, so we did.  We got there just as they opened, so there was no trouble getting a seat.  Our drink order was taken, and my soda and his beer were delivered quickly.  Lunch order taken, and the wait began.  I had the Chicken and dumplings, my husband the TapHouse burger.  The chicken and dumplings were so-so, the burger dry.  Not worth the $14 & $13 respectively.  Not once did our waitress ask if my husband wanted another beer, another server did.  By this time several other diners had come in, and received their entrees much faster than we did.  Still waiting to see our server,but she was too busy hanging out at the kitchen window.  It took a long time to get our tab, and yet another server took our tab to cash out.   To sum up, poor service, mediocre food at best, and $7 for a 12 oz beer.  Save yourself the trouble, don't go here. Even the manager was ambivalent when we told him our issues.
I discovered this restaurant several weeks ago, and was looking forward to giving it a try.  I was sorely disappointed after we were seated. Their beer selection is impressive, featuring four local breweries and several other microbrews from across the USA. Their prices for a pint of Odell's IPA, I found to be exorbitant. $7 for a small pint. I was surprised.  After slow service and a burger that needed some improvement, the manager asked my wife how things were. She gave an honest answer, and didn't get any kind of response other than "that's harsh". Between lackluster service that was bordering on being ignored, high beer prices and food that was so-so the experience wasn't worth it. I won't be returning and I suggest you don't either. Reluctantly, I have rated this place 2 stars..
Last night was our second visit to the TapHouse Kitchen.  The fish and chips (walleye pike) were great both visits.  The quail egg sliders are also super.  Last night we had one of the several flat breads offered.  It was terrible.  It was served cold and tasted like cardboard. I guess we should have said something at the time. On both occasions the noise level was horrendous.  During the first visit the place was fairly full, last night we were early and there were only several tables occupied in the bar area with a dozen or so people where we were seated.  You could not have a normal conversation. It is definitely not a place to have a relaxing drink and meal.
Absolutely the longest I've ever waited for a sandwich.  Not worth it. Skip this place. Its seriously like they start planting the grain when you order the bread.
I was so excited when something opened in this venue but am disappointed with what opened. Been in there a few times for wine only and it's alright but the atmosphere sucks way too stuffy or the musical selection blows.   The night I actually ate there it took us 2 hours to get 2 appetizers and 1 burger (initially came out as a steak which we weren't even offered because of their mistake) then the remake of the burger happened twice because they over cooked it and the burger actually came out under cooked finally. The food itself is great, good concepts but definitely not worth the wait or the stuffy atmosphere. Just a thought to who runs the place it may be helpful to have more than 2 employees running the entire restaurant during Happy Hour. When we got our bill they had charged us for the steak and burger and apps, food we didn't even get or offered due to their mistake we're getting charged for. Slow down and ensure your customers aren't feeling the heat from the lack of servers.  Also something else I saw the owner do was swipe 2 chairs from a table that was occupied, but not using the chairs, when there were plenty of other tables that had chairs you could have taken them from. I thought it was rude to interrupt them and just take their chairs they had their purses on when you could have not disturbed them and grabbed them from other places, made no sense to me. If I had been approached about my chair I would have looked around and said really one of the other 40 chairs in the restaurant couldn't be used? Basic manager skills I think...
Oh no no no. I was so excited for a gluten free dairy free restaurant for me and my son that can't have it.  For my family of 4, with my 2 kids sharing a dish bill was $55. Steak tasted like way over cooked ground beef, sweet potato fries were drenched in cinnamon and nothing else. Very strange, my kids were not fans. My boys hamburgers were way over cooked as well and overly salty. I had a teriyaki bowl which was lacking the veggies was mostly rice for $13 and got charged $3 to add chicken and there was literally 5 tiny pieces. I had such high hopes for this place. We will not go back. Ever.
The food was decent, and I love that everything is gluten free. However, a spaghetti squash dish with chicken for $18 should be much larger than what they're providing.
This is a great idea but they don't know how to execute it. I went with a friend and the only two in line. Our orders came out at separte times and had diferent numbers attached to them. The waitress walk around with our orders asking other tables if our food was theirs.  My friends order was wrong and had to be sent back. Meanwhile my food was cold by the time it got to me. The prices were also higher than expected. I could have bought a pound of grass fed beef for the price of my bunless 1/4 pound burger.
The concept is there but the execution is poor.  I've been in a few times as it's convenient to where I work.  But from set up to service, the business model is pretty dismal.  What would be best served as the front entry way is blocked by tables and there is limited seating on the inside- total functional obsolescence. The inside space would have probably been better used to put in a few industrial juicers and utilized for prep space.  I've had a couple of juices made there a la carte and the first time the wait was way too long, (my Jack Lalanne works faster), and the next time the girl behind the counter told me she had to ask permission to make my juice because there were two...TWO...other customers in the whole place, who had just placed an order.  I told her not to worry about it and walked out.    I just went over there to give them another try before solidifying my opinion, because every place has an off day, but this time the cook or manager had to get up from his laptop and get someone out of the back to ring me up.  He said he didn't know how to use the register.  The place was totally empty with 3 people working, and I had to wait to get rung up. The two employees "working" the register area were in the back gabbing it up.  Maybe just another off day? Dunno.    In my opinion, if Nourish concentrated solely on being a juice and salad joint, kind of like Grab a Green in Scottsdale, or Inta Juice in Chandler, they'd probably be much busier- and if they got some visibility from the main roadway that would help too.  I'm afraid this place might not make it long, short of someone like Marcus from the Profit coming in to revamp things a little. It's a total bummer because Gilbert really needed a place like Nourish, what with all of the pub-food-type places around and nothing really healthy.  So I was disappointed to say the least.
I went here once with a friend.  We had the lunch buffet which was average.   Until, I saw two cockroaches crawling around. Not, even your normal cockroaches but, gigantic cockroaches.  I couldn't eat anymore but, for some odd reason my other friend did.
I poped in for a quick lunch yesterday knowing they would probley have a buffet. they are'nt overly cheery to have you as a customer not that there rude there is no emotion at all....so i was told to take any table and off i went to the buffet you better be ready for chicken because thats the protien du jour one of the chicken dishes was quite tasty the other tandori was dry the spinich dish was good along w/the naan the food was not bad but when i paid it was 11$ a bit pricey....no...alot pricy for the selection of dishes.....maybe there dinners are better but i most likly wont return to find out
went here with my bf and his friend. came in at 7pm. took 10 minutes for someone to even realize we walked in the door..then took about 35 min to even get our food. they didn't seem very friendly. luckily, the food is pretty good [i've eaten indian food in europe before and it almost stood up to that.] i just didn't care for how slow they were.
Placed a take-out order of vegetable pakoras, shahi paneer, garlic naan, and papadum. Did not receive the pakoras at all, the naan was COLD (not even lukewarm), the papadum was burned, and the shahi paneer was crappy. As your lawyer, I advise you to become a patron of any other indian place in the valley but this one.
= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =  It's been almost a year since I was here, & last time one of the things that I didn't care for was that I was seated near a glary window.  Thus, I dropped back in here today with Mike C. to give it another try & see if I could get it up to 4-Stars.  Well, we sat well back inside the restaurant, so there wasn't a glare, but now that i've visited many (all?) of the Indian buffets around the Valley, I found the selection here to be a little small, the Tandoori Chicken tasted like benzene (!), & the service wasn't friendly.  It IS a stylish place, inside & out, & it wasn't "bad", really, but I'm not likely to return to this one.  We just have better choices in Indian Buffet.    Lunch Buffet $8.99
Let me just preface this review by saying that it does pain me to write a negative review about almost any establishment in the valley.  Unfortunately for India Delhi, it has to be done.  Honestly, I have not dined inside this restaurant, my experience is purely from multiple take out orders over the past year.  Living in Arcadia and loving food as I do, I am lucky in the fact that I do not have to travel far to enjoy ethnic culinary delights that other cultures have to offer.  If your a foodie in the 21st century, Indian food is all over your radar.  India Delhi, found at 54th street and McDowell in Phoenix, fits the bill of almost every other Indian restaurant in the valley. Nice external building, clean looking restaurant and the normal tinctures related to that region of the world.    Always friendly and eager to take your order, the young gentleman at the front counter has never let me down in taking care of my to go order. Always checking each container to make sure it has the correct contents, etc.  On the Saturday I am referencing for this review, the young man was not there, but the owner and his wife were. In my opinion, Indian food is not a cheap venture. I always find myself wanting to try a dish as well as getting a staple that I know is going to be solid. When you add in the extra charge for rice(never included), yogurt sauce(not included), etc, the bill for myself and companion always tops $40.  I usually do not gripe as I know the quality will be there and I just love the food, what can I say.  On this Saturday though, something was different. This was evident from the moment I walked in the door, I could not put my finger on it, but something was just not vibing.  The owners wife(or co owner for all I know) was at the counter and asked if I wanted the buffet. I politely turned it down as I am not a fan of buffet food, especially with Indian cuisine.  I politely turned that down and proceeded to order tandoori chicken, saag paneer, chicken biryani, basmati rice and some naan.    What happened next is not something I will forget soon.  I watched as the owner walked out of the kitchen with the pan in hands and used the spinach for my saag paneer from the buffet.  The owners and my eyes met as he processed that I saw what he was doing.  In that moment, the owner sold and gave up all his culinary credibility. He proceeded to head back to the kitchen to use said items.    I waited for another fifteen minutes and took my order home.  What did I find? The chicken biryani, the only item I might add not in the buffet, was extremely hot, almost too hot to touch.  The saag paneer was warm at best. The tandoori chicken was a collection of small legs(customary for Indian buffets) and once again, not hot.  I knew what had happened and could not help feeling beyond annoyed with the situation.   Normally, I just deal with what is, I do not ever send food back and especially on to-go orders.  This time was different, I could not let it go.  I called the restaurant and without pause the owner got on, knowing exactly who I was and what the problem was. He put up a fight for around 20 seconds saying that he just used the spinach as a base for the saag paneer and what not, but then finally just apologized and said he would "make it right."    I do not really see myself going back here, but who knows.  This is a good excuse to venture out and try some more of the valleys offerings in this arena.
I  just ordered Malai kofta a vegetarian dish. The quantity was so little for the price and it was really salty. But the chicken biryani I ordered along  with it was not bad.  I still would not be ordering from this place again.
Stopped in for lunch, and it was definitely a solid "meh."  Lunch buffet is $8.99, which was a bit steep considering the lack of selections (only 2 chicken dishes, chicken curry and tandoori chicken, neither spectacular).  The vegetable curry was fine but again, nothing special, and everything else was quite bland.  I won't be returning.
Decent. The dishes are somewhat bland and seem to be not quite as authentic as I have had in the past. The curry was ok and the tikka masala, well Ive had better. The buffet is above average and as always the Naan was wonderful!
Seriously guys, adding a bunch of spices to cooked rice with lamb is NOT how you make biryani.  Oh, and who places green bell peppers to biryani?  I'm not sure what I was eating but with each bite, I asked myself loads of questions:  "Is this what I paid $13 for?" "Why did I pay $13 for this?" "Why am I sitting in my car, on my way to the Phoenix Sky Harbor airport, eating this spice flavored rice with not lamb?" "What is this big black thing that looks like a beetle.  Oh, its just a cardamom?" "When I asked the guy who gave this to me for some raita (Indian yogurt condiment), why was he  saying that was going to be extra when it is always customary (and FREE) to hand that out with the biryani?" "Should I finish this or no?  I need to finish this, I paid 13 freakin dollars for this - that's why!"  Then, the cycle of questions would start all over again and if that is not torture, I'm not sure what is.
Our entrees didn't seem freshly prepared, especially my Chana Masala that looked like some dry, clustered up entree leftover from a lunch buffet.  I've never seen Chana Masala lump up like that unless it was my leftovers at home.  Garlic naan was average.  Prices were reasonable, but EXCLUDED rice.  Restrooms were deplorable.  Not sure I'll be back again anytime soon.
Based on the reviews went here for Lunch, they had Buffet with one Meat and 3-4 vegetarian dishes for around $10.  Tried palak paneer but the paneer(cheese) itself  was missing the dish, it was like having chicken curry without chicken. Long story short the food lacked the taste that you find in good Indian cuisine...
I've been here twice on trips to Scottsdale and the food is pretty good, but the service is terrible!  The waitstaff is not attentive or helpful in the slightest! For the price, I would expect better service. The lunch buffet is better than dinner because you don't have to rely in the waitstaff. They seem to have a fly problem, flies kept landing on my food, my face, and one got stuck in my water. If you've got endless time to wait for you food and can handle a waitstaff that acts like they have better things to do, then this is the spot for you! Otherwise, go elsewhere.
We used to love this place, but the food has gone way downhill. I ordered the Vegetable Korma, and it looked like they used a bag of frozen mixed vegetables - it had corn and green beans in it, something I've never seen in any other Korma dish I've had. We also ordered the garlic naan, but it hardly had any garlic on it at all and tasted like it was reheated. I'm very sad because we used to go here all the time, but we won't be eating here anymore.
They did not make a great first impression and I don't think I will be back.  I took some friends to try Indian food for the first time. The service was not good at all. We had to go to the kitchen to get service for our drink orders. My friends enjoyed the food although I have had better.  But the naan was good.
The appearance and cleanliness of this place is really nice, however there isn't hardly any variety what so ever for there buffet. There is one table of food and that's it and most of there food was cold and tasted exactly like those canned foods that you buy at the grocery store. Price is outrages for what they offer as I went to golden corral with my spouse, and spent the same amount, exact same and got a ton and I mean a ton of options, and best of all there food tastes great! Sadly I do not and would not recommend this place to anyone. If you are looking for a buffet try golden corral or the mandarin, but don't be lured in by the appearance of this Indian place as you will leave disappointed.
Cockroach on table (and a neighboring table). Lamb super mealy. Wine bottle "opened" in back and then brought to table with cork from another bottle. No apologies. Just arguments. You've been warned.
Now this comes from a foodie Indian..The management just changed...and the food got worse. The food got worse but the service got a little better than earlier. The butter chicken is way off and was sweet and the Buffet wasn't that impressive. Although,I would recommend you go there for the buffet, because of the varieties offered.
This place had a hard time keeping up with the modest lunch crowd when I was there.   There were 3 buffet items that were totally out.  Not good since there were only a limited number of items to begin with.  I thought the taste was off, not my type of Indian food. No spice and no heat. Blah.  Come on, it''s a buffet and it's lunch.  Nobody has time to wait around for a piece of tandoori chicken.  Buh bye.
Time has not been kind to Flavors of India.  I just went back for dinner after a couple of years of inadvertently overlooking this place.  It appears that the management has changed and FOI is not better for it.  Perhaps the lunch buffet is still a good deal for the quality and quantity of the food they serve.  For dinner, it's offensive to charge $.99 for a side of rice to go with an order of Chicken Tikka Masala.  It's not an issue of the cost, but the principle of the matter.  Obviously, I'm going to order the rice.  Just up the price of all the dishes by a buck and throw us a bone with "free" rice.  And nearly $3 for a bowl of soupy Raita?  They need to change the name of this place to Nickel and Dime.         Farewell, Flavors of India, farewell!
Quite the ironic name for this restaurant.  I think their name should start the term "Americanized" or "subdued." The dishes on the lunch buffet were standard but they lacked the vigor that good Indian food has.   I have gone here a few times for lunch with co workers, the vegetarian selection is decent. The fried items can be a bit soggy from sitting out too long.  The lunch buffet now is topping $10 which is pretty steep of a mediocre lunch. I feel like there should be a discount at places like this for vegetarians. The Naan, and water is brought tot you by a server so you may feel the need to tip on top of the buffet price.   There is the stereotypical bollywood music videos playing on the TV, with their psychedelic colors and lavish garb. Many of the serving trays make extensive use of aluminium foil which I doubt meets health code.
I truly love Indian food and I wanted to like this place more, but I ultimately couldn't. I wound up at the lunch buffet and didn't think too much of it. The dishes at the buffet really lacked the oomph that I am so used to at Indian restaurants, and unless the pot was personally stirred, some of the dishes were room temperature. As far as pricing, it wasn't too bad; it was just around $10.   After reading other reviews (Mainly Lisa O's) I would consider trying this place after the buffet is put away. But until then, I'll probably just be staying away.
I have been CRAVING Indian food lately and after hearing about FOI from a coworker and reading the reviews here, I decided to try it out for lunch. Ok it is a buffet, I knew that, but I have been to some very good Indian buffets. When I walk into any ethnic restaurant and I see people of the same ethnicity of the restaurant eating there I get excited. It must be good right?   This table must have been family and eat for free because I have had better. The naan was just ok, the Tandoori chicken, meh (well I have never been a big fan of this anyway because almost anywhere it is usually just dry bland chicken to me). The butter chicken type dish with tomatoes, was ok but looked like they added red food coloring. I enjoyed the flavor of the meatball dish, the palak dish was bland. Honestly the only other dish I found interesting other than the meatballs was the Carrot "pudding" which was sauteed sweet minced carrots, went back twice just for that. The sweet rice was ok, it had raisins and coconut.  I generally prefer it without either.  I may go try it one more time and order off the menu for dinner. Give it a fair chance before completely ruling it out.
So on the spur of the moment, I decided to stop into Flavors of India for lunch today as I was driving by... I love Indian food. And with just a couple of exceptions, haven't found much of it in the Phoenix area that I would categorize as great tasting. Unfortunately, this place fell more into the norm of Phoenix Indian food than not.  I wasn't that it tasted bad... It just wasn't particularly awesome or memorable. Excluding the couple of saving graces of the aloo tiki (fried potato & Indian cheese fritters) & kheer (rice pudding), the food was just meh. And with a $10 price tag for the lunch buffet, I think that there are definitely better places for me to spend my lunchtime.
I'm not sure what's going on with Flavors of India.  The last few times we went there, it was mostly empty and it just didn't feel good to eat there.  The food was okay but the experience was not enjoyable. Too bad...we used to enjoy it.  But based on my most recent experiences, I just can't recommend it anymore. :(
Not very good, this was probably some of the worst indian food I've had.  (I've been pretty spoiled)  At one point there was something that was hard in my food and I cringed when I bit down.  I'm not sure what it was.  I'm used to very well flavored Indian food, and the curry was bland. The service was good, and it was inexpensive, but I think I'll try some other local places first before returning.
Tasty when they haven't run out of food on the buffet. Dirty and full of roaches. I wish I had taken my can of Dow Bathroom Cleaner to spray on the mens room door. Health department says they've take legal action. The employees sit at the bar and drink and talk on cell phones and watch t.v.
Ate in tonight and the food was fine it was the service that was not good.  Our waiter was very Rico suave and had far better things to do with his night than bring us our food or even show up to our table at all, when he did make it around,  he reeked of Cologne and I just wanted him to scram.  There was a large group of odd looking hygienically challenged old Indian men running around,  I think they were the bus boys but they came by to clean a table next to us and liberally spayed Windex all over the place so that added a nice flavor to our food and he then decided the carpet on the front part of our table needed vacuuming right then and there so he broke out the vacuum and went to town for about five Min's, nice. we had to seek out the check and when we did get it we were over charged for alcohol we didn't even order, thanks Rico for the nice $71 evening for our little party of three, as good as the tikka masala is we wont be back.
I used to eat here all the time. It's been a hot minute. Today having lunch at their once great lunch buffet was horrid. The rice was dry and crunchy. The food was of poor quality. The tomato chicken tasted like beef jerky . On top of all that the services was horrid. I had to actually get up from the table and walk over to the bar were there was 5 waiters standing around and talking to ask for a refill of soda. They acted like it was such a bother and barely said two words to us. Never going back again
This was the worst experience ever in a restaurant!  First, the service was lackadaisical at best.  It was very slow to have our order taken, and it took almost 40 minutes from the time we ordered to get our food. The food itself was tasty enough, once it finally arrived.  However, the worst part about this meal was the COCKROACH that we discovered on the wall over our table.  Immediately, my friend and I began to point at it and talk loudly. We tried to get the attention of waitstaff for several minutes.  Finally, the cockroach fell onto our table. That was it. We leapt out of the booth and exclaimed "COCKROACH!" Is this the worst part of the visit?  NO.  Waitstaff then came over, pulled back the table, squashed the cockroach, and then gestured for us to resume our meal and said "Cockroach gone."   At least the manager comped the meal.  But,  if there is one cockroach allowed to crawl around the dining room TABLES, I can only imagine what the kitchen might look like. I definitely can't imagine going back!
We order 2 plates chilly chicken, but it is so hard to find chicken in it.  They cooked it with 75% of onions,  capsicum and 25% of chicken.  They should change dish name, it should be "chilly capsicum" instead of "chilly chicken".  Worst dish!!!   Don't ever order chilly chicken here.
Being an Indian i would definitely know what Indian food should taste like, and this one is no way near to the original, Young guy is the son of the actual owner (who is nice guy) is extremely ill-behaved,  gravy we ordered was full of water and tasted like crap. First learn to talk decently with your own country men, later comes serving good  food.
Have went here for Dinner before, it was okay but not great. Went to lunch buffet and it's terrible.  Not spicy. The dishes taste nothing like they should.  If you must eat here, the Tandoori Chicken isn't bad.  However, if you really like Indian food, stick to Chutneys in Tempe, or the really good Indian Market with a buffet on 7th street near Thomas.
Worst Indian in the entire phoenix valley, the lunch buffet had only one chicken dish, one meat, one daal, one vegetable, are you kidding me and nothing was exceptional, it was just average. Not at all good and value for money, Compare the menu with Chutneys on baseline and Ray.  I will never come back again.
Everything was burned and the samosas were a Joke I'm Indian and this was not good $13.00 for lunch buffet
Food was ok. Service was poor. Saw a roach near our table. Not my choice for a lunch companion!
This place used to be a favorite but the quality continues to deteriorate.  It appears there are new owners.    The buffet items are overly greasy and spiced oddly.  Last time I was in not one staff person there even said a word to us.  It was weird!
Edit: New ownership noticed 2008.   Tasty Indian cuisine with a British influence. Pub side has mostly British ales and are served in traditional, Imperial pint glasses.  Food is average and in line with most Indian Cuisine in the Phoenix area. Chana Masala with garlic naan is an exceptional combination at this location. Appetizers are high quality as well.   Prices/portions are on par for most restaurants.  Service is about average as well - sometimes great, sometimes good, and sometimes poor.
Stopped into this mid-sized place for the lunch buffet today.  It's a little glitzy inside but ok, & has all glass covered tables that were mostly set up for at least four people.  I missed seeing booths, my preference, but did manage to find just one comfortable spot in the place, at a smaller, out-of-the-way table.  It's a good thing I got there at opening time!  Among the salad items, the cole slaw was tasty, & the server lady brought me naan bread that didn't have garlic or greens on it, but it was buttery, piping hot, & cooked just right.  Otherwise there was nothing special about the place.  Everything tasted ok, but a lot of the dishes were way too soupy.  $8.95, Open 11:30 AM, Full Bar.
i used to eat at this place every month back in 2005-2007, since then they have completely gone down hill. really slow service and the quality has faded, i feel badly i hope they can fix that soon.
Just stopped for lunch before driving off. Food was below average. They had about 3 vegetable dishes and 3 chicken dishes. Nothing great .. Probably won't ever go back.
The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars instead of 1 is their naan bread was fantastic.  I'm hungry and craving some Indian food, so I stop in.  I'd eaten here a few years ago and thought it was pretty good but not great.  So I go in and the lady at the counter who is none too welcoming tells me to go sit "whereever".  So I do, assuming she will bring me some water and then I'll go to the buffet.  But I'm sitting there for a while, about to just go to the buffet when she comes over and rudely says "You can go get a plate."  I'm wondering if I've offended her in some way but as I haven't really said or done anything, I figure not.  As I go to fill up my plate, I (and the entire restaurant) hear her yelling into the kitchen and the tone was not friendly.  Someone yells back, also not in friendly or joking tones.  Now, I look at the items in the buffet, and it looks pretty sparse.  Granted, the place hadn't just opened, it was after 1.  But still.  Rice, a chicken korma, a spinach dish, a vegetarian dish, maybe two sad pieces of tandoori chicken, no onions or lemon with in.  But, I figure, maybe they had a lunch rush and maybe I'm spoiled into having a larger variety.  I check out the "salad" part of the buffet, pretty standard stuff.  The food was very bland, even for me who doesn't like really spicy.  All the food seemed to have a similar flavor to it.  Then I tasted one of the relishes- bad idea- I had to spit it out it was so noxious.  I'm not even sure what it was,maybe something with olives (my husband is constantly amazed that I will eat things I don't recognize) but it was bad, bad, bad!  Inedible.  Heinous.  At this point, I'm really wishing the waitress/greeter would bring me the water I still haven't received so I can get this awful taste out of my mouth.  She comes over and I politely ask her for water and if the buffet comes with naan bread which I see other customers eating.  She says yes and stomps away.  She brings me water finally and a few minutes LATER I see her order some naan bread from the kitchen.  So I'm done with my meal and eventually she brings the bread, which, I will say right now, was outrageously good.  So good I'm considering going back even though the meal itself was pretty terrible and the service worse.  I go back to the buffet, convinced I've maybe missed something- like the really great milky tea or rice pudding some Indian buffets serve, but no.  I'm out of luck.  To top it off, I go over to pay, and I compliment the lady on the naan bread, to which she says nothing but tells me to wait there.  I wait while she and several others clean up the entire buffet!  After they are done, she comes over and does me the favor of letting me pay.    I couldn't really believe this experience, it was almost comical.  Like one of those restaurants where it's their "thing" to be rude to the patrons....well, I  will probably not be going back here even for the naan.
2 for awesome service & the best naan ... The rest.. Hands down to a zero ... & I feel bad rating it so low... But I've had wonderful Indian food... Outside of the mother land...& this is just horrible... :-(
Don't go! On a scale of 1 to 10, I would give the food a 3, service 3 and ambiance 5. Prices are high and serving size small.   The tandoori chicken is the worst I have eaten in AZ. For a moment there I was envying my dog's chew stick. Really, it sucked.  Wonder how they survive.
I made the mistake of going here once for lunch. Blah. The food wasn't good and the service was bad. They seemed to hate me for some reason.
Pros: Ummm, let me get back to ya   Cons:  1. Currently undergoing some kind of exterior construction  2. Food had spices in it, but nothing that made any dish "pop"  3. Bathroom is filthy  4. Service was unfriendly  5. Felt ill afterward   Don't waste your time here, there are lots of awesome places to eat in Phoenix.
Rubbery, nearly raw, white outside, pink inside chicken in two different buffet dishes.  I hope they looked at my plate to try to figure out why i simply got up and left, but in my opinion, if you are incompetent enough to put an entire serving tray of undercooked poultry out on a lukewarm steamtable, then anything I can try to explain about what was wrong, will likely fall on deaf ears anyway.
I think this place closed.
Well, my beautiful bride and I were headed to the Indian Paradise in Chandler... closed for good (we sought yelp for this one). So we remembered the Star of India in which we visited a couple years prior. We remembered the food was good (not great), but we were not impressed at the time because this restaurant was not ready to open at their scheduled time; and not only were they not open, it seemed that they were just arriving.  In todays competitive market, I dont know how a restaurant could not be ready at 5pm, we had to wait another 15 minutes to get in and another 15 to place our order. They really should be ready at 4pm... I believe restaurants who suit their own schedule instead of what people seek, will be out of business soon. I don't eat dinner that early, but there are many folks that prefer that time slot.           Tonight we got there late... 9pm; I know we can't expext the best service or quality of food 1-hour prior to closing, but why not.  Well, tonight we had three issues:  1) We were seated quickly by the water girl, but waited a good ten minutes to figure out who was our waiter/waitress before we could even ask a question about the menu or even place a drink order. 2) The owners daughter was running around and at times yelling or crying. Not really a big, big issue because we have young children, and when we first sat down this cute little girl landed on my wifes lap; we have a daughter around her age, but there are times when you leave the kids at the grandparents home and rarely get some time for one another, and you don't want to hear yelling or crying, especially from the owners child. It tells me they either are not watching her or they are not paying attention to their business. Maybe that is why I found a strand of what seemed to be part of a brush of some sort in my food. The female owner/waitress tried to play it off as a part of an herb. Not quite...I know what it was and my wife verified it 3) Their curry, rice, and naun bread is tastey, but their veggie kofta balls in the curry were hard and the lamb (lamb curry) seemed a few days old.  I see some good reviews here, but we will not be back; they did try to accomodate the bristle brush strand with a $10 coupon and free dessert; but the lack of smiles, poor service, semi fresh food, and denial of the bristle strand, will have us put this "Star" out.
I'm really surprised at all the good reviews of this place. We have been trying to find a good Indian place in the area and chose here because of the good reviews. The bottom line is that all of the food was extremely bland. We got the vegetable samosa,  shrimp vindaloo, Bangan Bhartha, and garlic naan. The vegetable samosa's crust was very hard and didn't flake off like I'm used to, the filling was average (this was the best tasting thing we got). The shrimp vindaloo was in a very watery bland sauce that reminded me of italian tomato sauce. The Bangan Bhartha was just unbelievably bland. The atmosphere of the place was not bad and the service was pretty good. I didn't even want to keep eating after the first couple of bites.
I returned to Star of India last night for the third and final time. I had a Groupon and hoped that maybe they would have gotten their act together since the last time I was there about a year ago. Nope. The service is still lousy. It took 40 minutes to get served two very standard dishes - tandoori chicken and the baingan bharta. So nothing fancy, no fish that had to be specially cooked, no changes to the recipe. A couple who came in after us was served 15 minutes before us. The tandoori chicken did not taste like tandoori and was just covered in onions (probably 2 onions) and the baingan bharta was bland. I had half a dish left and didn't want to take it home. I won't be back.
I don't understand how people can like this place.  Maybe I'm spoiled from growing up with fresh Indian food daily but this is the worst Indian food I've eaten in the valley.  NOTHING was fresh.  Everything tastes like it came thawed out of the freezer.  The samosas were so old and stale the green peas were a strange brownish green color and the minced lamb was dry as sand.  The lamb dish we ordered was so over cooked it felt like beef jerky chewing it.  And to top it off the chutneys looked and tasted like they came out of a jar from the grocery store.  If you truly like this food do yourself a favor and try ANYTHING else and you'll realize how subpar it is.
First time we went I was very impressed...owner is such a nice man. Food was really good.  Our seconds experience we ordered for takeout and not as good. Latest time we had a groupon. We were there for at least 2 hours. It was very warm, none of the tables were clean, service was terrible, there was a little girl running back and forth screaming and worst of all was the food. They have gotten very skimpy. I think our food was sitting for a while before it was served because all of it was cold. Too bad because it was so good the first time.
Let' s get one thing straight, this is not Indian food. It's Pakastani food. They threw out the word "Indian" to attract more customers however the food is very traditional Pakastani. I didn't think the food was good at all. There are better Pakastani restaurants like Tandoori Times and Tandoori Village.    The only reason this place is still in business is because it is one of the first "Indian"-Pakastani restaurants in the valley and so clueless Phoenicians had no idea what Indian food back then. If this place opened now, it would go out of business with all of the new and better restaurants in the valley.  The restaurant is clearly not for vegetarians and that is no suprise since it is a Pakastani restaurants and Pakastanis are not vegetarians unlike many Indians.  They specialize in the chicken and lamb dishes and much of their food is cooked on the bone in a traditional set up. There isn't much flare or professional chef-like appeal tot he food.  It has a very homestyle Pakastanie cuisine. As a result the food is not that spicy and doesn't pack a lot of heat but it does have flavor. Again, I'm biased because I'm not Pakastani and I prefer Indian food which is spicier and richer (greasier). However, if you are Pakastani, I think you wil enjoy this restaurant as it does have a very authentic Pak style cuisine.
The food is fairly good.  That's why it's such a shame that the service sucks!  Every time I have gone there, they take forever to bring you water, take your order, bring out food, everything - even when you are the only people in the entire place.  They are always unfriendly.  Out order has been incorrect on a couple occasions.  I really wish they had better service.  I just won't go there anymore because of that.
The other night my girlfriends and I were starving after a book and author event that we attended at Dobson High School.  Craving Indian food, we stopped into Copper Kettle which is located in the closest shopping center to the school.  It's not often that I feel invisible, but the poor service we received here made me feel that way.  There were only two other occupied tables when we walked in, and the wait staff made me feel like I was intruding on something important.  They were all standing around a table and I had to actually make eye contact to get the head nod directing us to our seats.  After asking for water three times, we finally got it WITH our entrees (not to mention that you can't order a Kingfisher to wash your meal down because they don't sell alcoholic beverages).  Yes, they ignored all of our requests for something to drink until they could bring it with our food.  The food was actually fine.  We ordered three vegetarian dishes - the lentils, vegetable curry and a cauliflower dish.  The spice level was right but the portions were pretty small.  And, they charge for rice.   That's one of my biggest pet peeves.  Has the price of basmati rice gone up so much that you have to make me feel silly for asking if it's included?  I love Indian/Pakistani food, but the poor service here was more memorable than my stomach's happiness so I don't think I'll be returning if I find myself in the area again.
I've eaten here several times and I think the food tastes very good. The buffet is the only way to go here because the meals are overpriced and  portions are small,  Now the service is horrible, inattentive at best , I don't feel welcomed and the servers I have had were flippant and the last time argued with us regarding the tea, we were served tea that was old but he insisted it was fine. Kinda aggravating. So if you are just looking for some good indian buffet, with out service not a bad place.
Is it possible to have two horrible experiences in one weekend? Damn.   Fuck my life. It is.  I have family in town, so naturally, everyone wants to go to the most ethnic place possible. We go to the Copper Kettle in Mesa. I'd been here before and my experience wasn't bad. I liked it. This time around though, I felt like I wanted to kill myself.  We walked in, it was busy. Great. Good sign, that must mean that people like the place. I noticed there was a buffet in the back. All the food looked fucking miserable. Of course it did. It's a buffet. What self-respecting person would eat ethnic food at a buffet?  In any case, we are seated. 15 minutes later, we get 3 menus. 5 people at the table. 9 minutes after that, we all get plastic coke classes of ice water (I shouldve been conservative on this 98 degree day, because this was the only water I got-- no refill).   We ordered our food, and it was fucking useless. The chicken was undercooked. My mom ordered the beef chapli kabob, which came out to the table sizzling....seemingly great, only to make EVERYONE in the restaurant cough, and give us dirty looks.  My poor aunt had specially requested no chilis in her dish, and of course, her dish had EXTRA chili. My aunt requested all of this in Hindi and Urdu....native languages to these people. What the shit is wrong here?  After we got our food, no one came back to check up on us. On this hot spring day, we never got refills on our waters. I guess now I know what it's like to be welcomed to the desert. Thanks a lot Copper Kettle.   Also, with the undercooked chicken, my family and I are probably going to get sick from salmonella. Kidding. But seriously.  I am Indian and my Dad was born in Pakistan. I can judge this food and service. I can't come back here. This place is a joke.   Getting a server was like what I imagine it's like to hail a cab in New York City. They see you. They know you ask for their help. They know you are a paying customer, but don't really care about you and go on with their day.  Bottom line....  No respectable Indian or Pakistani should/would eat here. Or Human for that matter.  Never coming back.  There has got to be a better place in town...
this should be  -5stars  food was terrible to put it midly.  biryani was stale and dry. the rice must have been on the heater since morning tasted bad and rice as bone dry and hard. pakoda was a joke was not properly fried and tasted of batter. jamoon tasted of oil after first bite. chicken tikka was sweet. the only eatable dish was naan and ginger chicken. they charged 11.5 for buffer wasnt worth even 2 dollars. please look else where for good food. for good biryani try sabri nehri on devon in chicago
I was on a date with my daughter, dammit.  Here's how it works:  every other Wednesday each of us takes a daughter out to dinner.  That way we get to have dinner with each of our daughters once a month.  It's a great opportunity to check in -- hopefully they will open up at some point.  Anyway, this time my oldest picked Indian.  I was thrilled.  Usually they both pick Chinese and, much as I like it, it does get tiresome.  Meanwhile, back at the review, we ordered the meat appetizer.  This had a couple kinds of chicken, a meat samosa and lamb kabob.  It was fine, not bad, not brilliant.  My daughter got chicken tikka masala, her favorite.  I tried a ginger kabob at the waiter's suggestion.  These, too, were fine.  No fine dining but not bad.  At this point I didn't realize that they nickel and dime you so I was still oblivious as to what this mediocre food was going to cost me.  Then we went to the bathroom.  We were nearly done and my daughter asked me to accompany her.  That's where we saw it -- the cockroach.  It was easily an inch long before you got to the antenna.  To be fair it was dead.  But at some point it had been alive and had had plenty of time to grow oddly large.  Now I realize that I'm new to PHX and there are palmetto bugs here but I used to live in an old brownstone in the city and I know a cockroach when I see it.  It was right under the empty toilet paper dispenser.  I told the waiter that the toilet paper dispenser was empty, hoping that he'd see the roach and know that I saw it.  I paid the bill and left, intent on warning yelpers everywhere.
I think this is the worst Indian food I've ever had. Went in there last Wednesday and we were the only people. I should have taken that as a cosmic sign from the universe and back out the door but alas, I decided to go against my woman's intuition and gave it a try. The food looked like they were cooked around Valentine's. The taste wasn't much better. It didn't even taste like Indian in any sense of the word. To add to that, the staff were strangely enamored with my party. It felt like they were literally hovering around our table, eyes wide and beetle-like. I was actually pretty scared now that I think about it. I just smiled and gulped down the meal as quickly as I could and we high-tailed it out of there.
In Phoenix, there are essentially 3 types of Indian restaurants. None of the restaurants in the valley can compare to good ones in real cities but there are some good ones: Royal Taj, Guru Palace, Dehli Palace. Then there are tolerable ones: India Palace, Tandoori Times, Indian Paradise and then there is everything else (places you shouldn't go to).  India Gate is one of these places.  I'm Indian and we tend to be picky about which Indian restaurants we eat at. Just like you wont find a Sicilian at the Olive Garden, yoy won't find a Desi at India Gate unless they work at Intel and are too lazy to drive to a decent restaurant.
Dropped into this large Indian Buffet restaurant for lunch today.  The Naan bread was seasoned & burnt just a little (that's good, not bad) & sliced nicely.  Over at the serving table was the usual (simple) Indian salad, & then it was on to the hot trays.  The meat dishes were Chicken Curry, Tandoori Chicken, & Keema Matter (lamburger).  Then there was the usual spinich, potatoes, ground carrots, & a couple of other things.  Overall, the weekday lunch selection was a little sparse, the food a little salty (even for me!), the seating less than ideal (no booths), & Indian music was playing too loudly.  On a positive note, there was some good Rasmalai.  This is a dessert of homemade cottage cheese balls with bits of pistachios in it, floating in a cream sauce.  Lunch Buffet:  7 days $9.99.  (More food selections on Sat. & Sun.)  Dinner Buffet:  $10.99.  (More food selections than weekday lunch.)  Regular menu also available, as well as "to-go" from either the menu or the buffet, & there's a full bar  There's also a banquet room with a small stage & a dance floor.
I didn't want to write a review for this place because my husband loves it and I love my husband. However after a recent dose of South Asian food in New York we believe that Phoenix has a lot of catching-up to do. The more we condone the production of greasy fare on dirty plates the more we fall behind. Pull up your socks buddies because soon my newly educated husband will also fall off your patron-list!
Unfortunately, the trip to India gate restaurant in chandler was a waste of time. The only good thing was that we had a buy one get one free coupon. The staff stood at the bar and stared the entire meal. They even brought us items off of the buffet... and we didn't order the buffet. i expected my food to be freshly prepared... all of it. even the naan. Maybe we hit them on a bad night. None-the-less, we wont be back.
Lamb was tough, chicken was dry, the sauces were too oily.  Decently flavored sauces and the soup was very nice, but I won't be back.
This restaurant is steadily declining. Been a long time customer (10 plus years). The service and the selection is dwindling. The meat is not fresh or it's over cooked. I  purchased a restaurant.com gift certificate, and they refused to honor it accordingly AND assessed an automatic 18% gratuity to the bill. (I did the buffet. PLEASE!) I won't be returning to this restaurant again. You shouldn't either.
We got a groupon deal and decided to try out this place. I went on a Sunday. There are on one other table beside us. We thought that is not a good sign.  I ordered lamb. It was good, but not fantasy. When the bill come, it was a little more expensive than I thought. Oh, I forgot to mentioned their dish doesn't come with rice or bread. I have been eating Asian food all the time. What kind of Asian dish doesn't come with rice. I will not return even with groupon.
Food was good. That being said, the service was so bad it was uncomfortable. The waiter didn't so much as nod at us, rather just came to stand at our table and stare at us. We, assuming he wanted to take our order, gave it, and he grunted and walked away. That's as much communication as we got the whole time, no lie.  We won't be back.
Awful food. Cold. I came with a group of friends and were wight pissed off. Expensive. Less quantity. I would not recommend.
I stopped here for lunch with my family as we were passing through Las Vegas. We thought it would be nice to have the lunch buffet. Once inside, we found the buffet to be steeply priced ($10.95). That would have been okay if the food had been well-prepared and tasty. Unfortunately, the samosas and pakoras were dried out, the dishes were bland and unappetizing. Only the naan was decent, but still I've had much better lunch buffets at Indian restaurants for around $8. A disappointment.
This place is overpriced and the food was very mediocre. The chicken looked so bad that I only decided to go for the vegetarian dishes. The Naan bread was partly cold and not crispy. Bah! I had better Indian food. I think the best indian food in town is the Himalayan. Unfortunately they don't have lunch buffet anymore.The only good point: the place looked clean.
I should've known this meal was hopeless when our waiter brought my dining companion non-alcoholic beer instead of the real thing.  Thankfully he did not make this mistake with the wine however it still puzzles me as to why he brought the bottle to the table for inspection but did not think to also bring an implement for opening it.   The chicken tikka masala was almost passable but the assorted appetizers we ordered were pretty woeful. A tiny little plate of dried up little bites, almost indiscernible in flavor from one to the next.  Suffice it to say, India Oven is not worth putting on your list of "must dine at" spots in Las Vegas!
i would love to give it zero stars if I could, (Yelp? maybe a feature you can implement??) anyway, bottom line I WISH i'd stopped by here and read the reviews before plunking down $26 on 2 lunches we could never get back!! food is disgusting, bland, tasteless, hopeless, worse than mediocre, and I could go on and on. there were total of 5 dishes, and rest of the lunch buffet was filled with lettuce, onions, chutneys, yogurt dips with no real veggies to actually dip in. the samosas were leaking of oil, pakoras were nasty didn't taste like pakora batter but stuffed with some dal of some sort to save money, the curries were GROSS ugh!!! and when u enter, u see all these awards plastered on the walls??/ who is handing these out??? don't go here...its full of retards serving nasty food that'll make u barf whether u're hung over or not.
Meh.  This was OK but not amazing by any stretch.  The service was almost as uninspired as the food. . .  Although the food was passable, it was relatively bland -- a bad thing for Indian.  I also wasn't too impressed with the vegetarian options here, which is a definite warning sign on anything Indian.  Most items on the menu were over-priced for the size and flavor.    Good destination for hungry Strip-goers; not the go-to spot for quality Indian.
Well, just had dinner there an hour ago, tried it because of a friend's recommendation.  I have to say it was just okay- a little more than what we would've spent if we had gone to India Palace. The veggie samosa was very good, spicier than most I've had, the chicken tikka masala was good and the aloo matter ( they spelled it mutter) was alright too, but the mixed tandoori was quite a disappointment..little pieces of chicken, lamb and ONE prawn which they forgot to actually put on the plate and brought it out later! Not to mention when I split my lamb, it was still raw inside...meh...  Should've kept to our original plan and gone back to Indian Palace...oh well $88 bucks gone and we live and learn...
Only 2 high chairs in this restaurant?  My son just sat on our laps the entire time.  Not even sure if one opened up while we were here but we never ended up with one nonetheless.  What's up with being so stingy with the nan?  We get a basket to start but there's not enough and then you wait 20 minutes later for another one???  Food selection is very slim too.  There's gotta be better options in Vegas...
Not bad, but wheres the meat??? If you're vegan, ok. Had the buffet and vindaloo, with almost no meat. Cheapo's here think chicken is expensive or something!
This place was a little scary, and I must have really been craving indian food, since I ended up eating here..  To start things off there was no one there on a Friday night at 7pm.  Pink lights set the mood for an interesting meal, as I really couldn't see the food that I was eating.  The combo includes Naan, a drink, and an entree.  I had the chicken vindaloo,and the garlic Naan.  The Naan was decent, but the vindaloo left a lot to be desired.  I could have made a better vindaloo on my own.  There was one small potato and no pearl onions in the dish.  The service was non existent;  the decor was hilarious with the pink lights and the deer head hanging on the wall in the dinning room.  I think that the owner must have been on some really strong drugs when he was decorating this place.  I will definitely not be returning to this restaurant, and my quest for excellent indian food in Vegas will continue. .
We went to India oven after trying mint a couple of times, which by the way great restaurant with good food and decent price.  The ambience wasnt great, waiter seemed like traditional Indian gujju broken english. We ordered two vegeterian dishes dinner format that includes one naan and half rice ($18 each). Price was hefty but food was good. However the service was pathetic. There were couple of different people serving the table without proper communication withing themselves. We asked the first waiter for togo boxes for our left over food, however different waiter showed up and started to trash the food. We asked for an additional naan togo and that different waiter came back without naan even though they charged for it. When I asked about the naan he said he was not not told as if it was my duty to tell each time a different waiter shows up. All in all I wont recommend this place if you are looking at a good experience.
Bad service high prices. This place gets overcrowded during long weekends.  I went for a lunch buffet, had to wait 30 mins for naan.   If they want to serve lots of people during holidays they should increase their staff to provide a Better service.  Food is average, very limited options considering the price they are charging.  Only advantage they have is very few Indian places in town.
This is one of the places that I really wanted to try this time around and I was some what unhappy. I wanted a specific item for take out, but was told that I could only eat the lunch buffet if I wanted, so I did. The selection was very, very limited. The rice had hard things in it. The chicken was pretty good. But the service was a little slow, and you really had to catch someone just to get a drink refill. The nan however was amazing and amongst the best I have ever had.
My husband and i are biiig foodies ..Pakistani and indian food is no 'new' for us..this place is average.. living in SF, i used to get a dish for $7.95 /that would feed two ppl/ with the most amazing taste ..and this place is..BLAH .unless u have good company that would take your mind off of that food..is not worth your money or time.. If you are new to the amazing flavors of pakistan or india..then it is ok to try..otherwise..BLAH..
"I don't no what happen..but..the food here was blah! Rice is not included with d main dish..not right. Rip off..don't bother"
This place was great YEARS ago when they were on Sahara. Things have changed since they moved. I remember eating here a few years ago and the food was bland. Things haven't changed. All of our dishes looked like the dish but tasted like nothing. On a higher note, the naan was amazing!!!!  PROS: On Restaurant.com              The Naan  CONS: Chicken Korma - tasteless sauce              Lamb Seekh Kebab - one flavor overpowered the entire dish              Baingan Bharta - needed more flavor in general.
Tasteless! The food is tasteless (vindaloo, masala). First time tasteless Indian. Moreover just a single "slice" of bread included. It is also overpriced. Man very nice, girl very unfriendly. The quality if raw material I think is good, but the overall result really disappointing
I've had the same problem with this restaurant that others here have had. The service is essentially non-existent and the food comes out cold/lukewarm and of low quality. However spicy you make your food, it's still somehow obvious that it's just not good.  I recommend driving down the street to Tandoori Times instead. The food, service, and experience is infinitely better.
I used to work near the downtown Scottsdale area and being an Indian food lover I've eaten at Jewel of the Crown many times. Each time I was disappointed.   I've ordered lamb biryani and the rice was mushy and looked at though all of the ingredients were tossed together like a pilaf as opposed to a biryani.   The dhals I've ordered have been decent but nothing really special. A lot of the dishes taste similar with a generic flavor as opposed to being spiced individually for meats vs. dhals vs. vegetables.  My other complain is the staff refusing to believe I like my food spicy. I have a problem with this in a number of restaurants that assume that due to being a whitey I'm not SERIOUS about wanting my food spicy. SERIOUSLY, I want it HOT. Sheesh.  Their one saving grace is their neebo pani (lemon water), their spice mix for the drink is wonderful.
We really wanted some indian food...so we went to Jewel of the Crown for take out.  It was Saturday night and there were about 20 people dining so we felt like at lease some people were eating there.  We ordered shish kabob...it ended up being dried up and spiced oddly...we could not stomach eating it.  The vegie korma was ok but had huge...not bite size vegies in it.  Like really large carrot pieces and like whole quarters of potato.  The Chicken tiki masala was pretty good the chicken was tender and the sauce was pretty nice.  The rice and nan were fine.    I guess we were expecting something really great and it was so so...next time we will try a different place until we find an Indian place that is better:(
Dh and I came here tonight to use or groupon... We've been coming here for the last 20 plus years, and it use to be our go to Indian restaurant! After the visit tonight we will never be back. We got our dishes medium And spicy, but neither had any flavor. We had an eggplant dish And chicken tikka masala, as well as kebabs, soup, and dessert... We decided to splurge and get the $50 dinner for 2. Food was terrible as was the service.... People who had come After us who had also gotten the same dishes and the dinner for 2 left before we had even finished our entrees. Server was so swamped that he had no time to come and check in on us to see if we wanted anything else or to see if we were doing ok. There was also a hair in the rice dish. We will never come back!
Naan is good but the rest of the food is bland
Went there yesterday night (8/9/13) because we purchased a Groupon.  Now, I am NOT one of those people who, by default, think that all Indian food in the valley is horrible because it does not compare to my Mom's cooking.  I am judging this place based on other Indian restaurants in the valley and the quality of food.  Quantity of food - Really good.  Ambience - Very nice. The decor is nice and pretty. I liked it.  Service - decent. Taste of food - It was really bad. I am sorry to say it was boderline inedible. We ordered the chicken tikka masala, 2 plain naans and chicken biriyani. The chicken tikka masala was too "tomato-y". All I could taste was an overpowering tanginess from the tomato paste and it wasnt pleasant. The chicken wasnt soft and tender and flavorful either. The chicken biriyani was similarly tasteless. The rice in the biriyani was clumpy and overdone. You KNOW that is a cardinal sin while making biriyani....overdone rice!!! The naan wasnt like a naan at all but more like tandoori roti.  My point in writing this is really to inform the owners. I think that, with a little bit of tweaking of the food, this place could be excellent!  But unless they do that, we are not going back again.
Very bad taste, half cooked gravy flavor, both dishes tasted the same, and bad service not to mention couldn't eat the food or pack it, and they didn't care we threw the food and we didn't like it. No credit courtesy at all. Never going back. Waste of money.
Mediocre and extremely overpriced Indian food. It's about $4 per single garlic naan? $7 per tiny Samosa? $6 mango lasi? Take your business elsewhere. The kicker is not only is it overpriced, it's not even good. Not terrible, but not good either. And the service slow as a snail's pace. Will not be back ever again.
Vegetarian Menu : made us sick.    We should have complained and left but we ate it and forever regret it.  We ordered 4 Vegetarian entrees and all were OLD VEGETABLES ( I eat freshly cooked vegetables every day so I know when I'm served old vegetables).    Went there on Friday night and from 6:30-7:30pm there were only 3 other tables(suckers like us with Groupons).   Karaikudi Palace is the best Indian Restaurant in Phoenix.
I don't want to spend too much time on this restaurant. I've already wasted time eating there. Too salty! Too dry and too salty. I know you want more, but I've wiped it out of my mind.
This is a Pakastani restaurant.  It only includes the word Indian to be more p.c.  I'm Indian so I grew up on Indian food and that's what I enjoy.  I have some Pakastani friends who enjoy this restaurant.  This food is more meat laden and not spicy which is typical of Pakastani food. This is not an Indian restaurant by any means.  If you are Pakastani, I think you wil enjoy this restaurant more than the Indian restaurants in the valley. If you are a non-Indian/Pakastani, you may prefer this restaurant because it's not very spicy and it has a lot of meat dishes in the buffet etc.
Two Stars. Because the people are nice I will not criticize too much but take it easy on the salt.
We were treated here last night. After reading the other reviews I was a bit nervous about Surly Aunty, but guess we got lucky - she wasn't Surly at all. Rather nice in fact. She took the time to explain what halva was to the adjoining table, both of whom seemed relatively new to the concept.   The place was small. Nice decorations. One deep red wall. However the ceiling tiles were as described - in need of urgent repair. There was one flat screen tv at the center of the room, placed to (somewhat) obscure the window view of the back parking lot.   When we got there, it was set to a desi satellite channel (showing a drama) which imo added to the atmosphere of it being like a home. However, shortly after we sat down a young man wandered in, changed the channel to football, regardless of other people who were engrossed in the drama and sat down to eat. Later I realized he was probably the son of said not-so-Surly Auntie. He certainly treated the place like it WAS his home, so maybe I'm not all wrong.   Food ok. I had the chicken boti, well cooked and juicy but quite spicy. Just a personal preference, I like this not overly spiced so you can really taste the meat and not just get a mouthful of hot. It did not come sizzling and the onions on the side were cold. Not just room temperature, but refrigerator cold. It came with raita but no lettuce, tomatoes or lemon. MH loved his food so that was something. About the naans, they seemed like a cross between naans and roti - coarser texture b/c of more wheat flour than white.   I would go again to pick up something for him when I didn't want to cook, but for myself, no. There is outside seating, but given that it directly faces the street and the light rail, I'm not sure who would actually use it. Oh and it was really hard to find.
I've eaten at Delhi Palace many times, always hoping it would be better.  The buffet does offer many choices, and it's a great stop for lunch, if your standards for Indian food are fairly low.  I eat Indian food quite often at a variety of restaurants, so I have high standards.  The prices here for entres are about average (just under $10) for Indian.  The rice and naan must be ordered separately, which is also not uncommon.  The service certainly was prompt, and that is appreciated.  In fact, it seemed like we had two waiters last night, as two gentleman brought us food, refilled our drinks, and checked in on us.  The disappointment came from the quality of food.  It did not taste fresh.  The basmati rice was somewhat hard, which may mean it was overcooked or old.  The malai kofta that I ordered, usually a fool-proof dish, also tasted chewy and somewhat old.  One of my companions was very happy with her chicken curry.  The other companion was very disappointed with the yoghurt masala, which she said was devoid of any solid food and was much too spicy for "mild" as requested.  If you're near ASU, I suppose it will have to do, but there are many tastier options in the same plaza/strip mall.  I would not come back if I could avoid it.
I'll admit, there isn't much to choose from in terms of Indian in Phoenix.  The prices are reasonable here, but it makes me yearn for good Indian food.  This just isn't that.
This was a random hapenstance encounter as we were lightrailing Tempe.  We needed dinner.  The ethiopian place three doors down doesn't serve alcohol. Hey Indian food! Let's try that. Unfortunately, we left wholly unsatisfied.   I'm no Indian connesseur, but I like my food hot yet with some flavor.  This was more just pouring red pepper in my mouth. The decor was standard strip mall Indian - mirrors and murals.  The service was fine but the food was just meh. There's no reason to trek out here if you're craving good Indian food - unless your sole goal is to make you nose run and clear your sinuses.
We went here tonight for dinner, and the whole experience was just a notch above median. We picked this place through Yelp, and though we cook Indian food (I'm Indian) at least 3 days a week, sometimes we crave for restaurant Indian food. We ordered the mixed grill plate for appetizers and chicken tikka masala and naan for the main course. The mixed grill plate comprised of kabobs (both seekh and tikkas of chicken, lamb and beef) laid on a THICK bed of sauteed onions and a couple of lemon wedges. It arrived sizzling hot, and several people turned their heads to see where that szzzzz sound was coming from!  I dug into it with my mouth salivating in expectation, but it was a rude shock. The chicken was dry to the mouth. The seekh kabobs were overpowered with spices (mainly red pepper), and the quantity--so abysmal! The bed of onions probably weighed more in quantity than the meat. The tikkas were standard fare...oily and spicy gravy, with cubed pieces of chicken. The place is good for students, because it's so close to ASU, but otherwise, I don't think I will go back there again!
When I first came to PHX...yes this sounded indian to me. That was 3 years ago...Ever since I have had the chance to go with real indians (dot not feather) and try the real stuff. So last time I was here, invited by a friend...I found flavors just lame!   Want to dream this is indian food...go ahead! and keep pretending.
Delhi Palace was really my first experience with Indian food, with its location near ASU and whatnot.  So, obviously, I liked Delhi Palace.  Until I tried other Indian places, that is.  I have since come to the realization that Delhi Palace is actually incredibly bland by Indian food standards.  They sometimes have a decent selection of dishes, but if you're looking for good flavor, drive up the road a couple miles to Taj Mahal.
Nothing wrong with this place, but when you can't even say you're the best Indian buffet in all of Tempe...  Been there three times. Same items on the buffet each time. That would be OK if they were great, but the ground lamb dish doesn't have flavor, the chicken curry dish is filled with chopped up fatty dark meat, and the tandoori chicken is dry cooking under the heat lamp for long periods of time.  If somebody invites you here, no problem. It's not terrible. But if you want cheap Indian buffet in Tempe, you've got at least a couple other better options. And now that I think about it, it's 10 bucks with tax and drink, so hard to even call it cheap...
A little kindness goes a long way, boys.  This review is for the 3 star lunch buffet and the 1 star service.  I have to admit that I am out and out soured for most Indian buffets in that my fave one in DC, Ragaa, makes me weep how good it is.  But one of my fellow Yelp buddies said this place made her belly happy, so I gave it a try. The smells and sight of the sparkling dining room made me thing that good things were coming my way.  As I perused the buffet, I noticed that it was really geared towards quantity rather than quality.  Tandoori chicken was way overcooked (and all dark meat - not a big deal, but it seems like they are saving the white meat for something else - maybe dinner?) and the other meat dishes were just so-so.  Saag paneer was tasty, as was the daal, but both forgettable.  And the rice!  It wasn't fluffy and light like you'd expect, but a little crunchy - a sin at an Indian restaurant as far as I'm concerned!  The only true delight is the warm, hot naan that they bring by to sop up the sauce on your plate.  I could make a meal of just it, except that $10 is a little steep.  My true issue with the place is the sheer lack of kindness on the face of anyone that works there.  It's like they are pissed off that they have to serve you and want to be elsewhere.  Fine by me!  Go away and have someone else serve me that'll say "You're welcome!" when I say "Thank you" instead of scowling and walking away.  We actually got into an argument the first time I went there - we were a party of three, but a friend was coming so I asked for a table for four.  The friend never came, so we were surprised when they charged us for four buffets and then put up a fight when we asked to take the fourth charge off for a person that was never there.  Come on, man!  You served us bread and water our entire meal - you saw only the three of us.  Sad.  I have to admit, I do return to this place when friends suggest it for lunch - like a drunken hookup, I fall into it and then ask myself what I am doing once I am there.  I need to scope the valley for a new place and stop giving in to convenience of location.
I promised myself I would not write this review.  But, I couldn't even keep this promise to myself.  My eating partner told me I owed the world this review considering that money is tight and people need to know what they are getting or not getting for their money. The staff was friendly upon our arrival and we were seated expeditiously.  Not too crowded for a Saturday night, hmmmmm.    My eating partner wanted to sit next to me instead of facing me so he began to move the placemat & silverware to the other side.  The waiter trying to be helpful, put all five of his fingers, on what was destined to be my plate, and swished the plate next to the other plate.  Helpful, but I was somewhat concerned about where those five fingers had been last.  i was soooo self disciplined that  didn't say a word, but I did use antibacterial hand cleaner on my plate.  With mersa and other types of infections abounding, I didn't want to take a chance.   Papdum came with coriander chutney.  Crispy and plentiful. The chicken biryani served to us had a strange color.  Very very red, as if cooked with tomato paste. Spicy as we asked but with no flavor.  Just heat.  We like the heat but the food has to be tasty.  (I thought of the delicious biryani that we could have had had we driven to our old stand-by that was further away from our house.)  What a difference a couple of miles makes.  Then the Chicken Vindaloo that was ordered spicy, was delivered spicy but with no flavor.  Indian spices were not strong enough; just chicken in a red sauce.  Even the tartness that vindaloo sauce requires was missing. Vindaloo is one of those sauces that contains a little bit of vinegar (just check any indian cookbook).  The tandoori roti was good as was the complementary yogurt sauce.    The people are nice enough but the food is probably one of the least favorite I have had in the valley (I was going to write worst, instead of least favorite but that would not be very nice).   Suffice it to say that my Saturday night dinner was less than tasty and certainly less than memorable.   Moral of the story:  Drive a few extra miles and go to a place where you know you will get excellent food at a fair price. It will be worth the drive. (Did you read this dear eating partner???)
Mediocre at best --   There are much better Indian restaurants in the city
Got introduced to Indian food here back in 1998. Have sicne become quite an afficianado on it.  The ownership has clearly changed hands here. Its run by mostly kids now and its not very authentic tasting Indian at all. The buffet is now one of the worst Indian Buffets in town.  If you want a quality indian food experience, try Kebab Palace, The Dhaba or India Gate.
Okay before I start talking about food let me tell you that being an Indian student I have had the best and worst of Indian food and I was prepared for anything when I entered the restaurant. I was also a bit cautious regarding the service since my friends had a harrowing time with the management (A tale for another day). Once seated, the waiter-cum-floor manager impatiently prodded us for the order (5 times in a gap of 5 minutes). Irritated already, we hurried and went for Onion Pakoras for starters, few Rotis, Paneer Masala and Aloo Gobi for the main course.  The Decor was boring and dull with rolls of curtain carelessly hanging from the walls. Since Aesthetics hardly matter to me, I ignored it.  The food did not arrive for 25 minutes and neither did the pesky waiter. Looking around, we found all the waiters having a great time sharing anecdotes and sipping on a drink.  Finally after 30 minutes, the main course arrives without the starters being served. I could not imagine what excuse the management could give when we were the ONLY customers in the restaurant!   The food was good, curry was done with medium spice just like we ordered. The naans were just about right although the mango lassi wasn't the best. Overall we were pleased with the food. Just when I was thinking that the place wasn't too bad, the waiter interrupts us, hands over the cheque and asks us to pay immediately since the cash register was "closing". I was *stunned* ! We had just started with our meal !!! Although I was furious, I politely replied that the payment will be done soon after we are done.  10 minutes after, the floor-manager takes time off from chatting with the staff and with all the "courtesy" asks us to pay up soon. That was it! We quickly gobbled the food, paid and left the place in disgust!   The food was worth 3 stars but I will never ever visit Delhi Palace again, not now, not ever! For a good Indian meal I would suggest visiting 'Chutneys' , 'Kabab Palace', or even drop by my house, you will not be disappointed!
I been to delhi palace. The service guys and manager have no sense of manners. When we are in middle of our lunch or dinner, he brings bill and waits there to pay. When serving water, they have no manners. They spill all over the table and don't even tell sorry or clean. This is the worst hotel i have seen here which has this bad service.  Food is not that great. It is ok.
I had a bad experience with the service of the place.
The overall food was good taste wise but my stomach was full as just after I had one naan. Then I found out the reason being they added too much of (baking) soda in the food. In addition, the hotel staff was also not polite while talking. Even if we ordered starters first everything is served at the same time. So what's the meaning of appetizer? That was my first time and the last time I had been to this place.
Well, you expect some kind of hospitality when you are in a restaurant, making you feel at ease. Delhi Palace does not have it in them. In general, the servers sound rude and they don't look happy to serve you. As far as the food is concerned, it is not what you expect from an Indian restaurant. The curries were a bit bland and were very thin for an Indian curry, Naan was pretty good. All in all, that was the first time I went to Delhi Palace and it turned out to be the last one.
A group of us ate here about 3/4 weeks ago and while I cannot fault the food, which was delicious, I would NEVER set foot in this restaurant again because of the sheer rudeness we experienced from one of the waiters. Normally I would complain but we were that shocked that we all left bewildered. I spoke with anither colleague a week later and he said he and his wife experienced the same behaviour. There is no way that the management can be unaware of who I am refering to as they stood out like a sore thumb behaviour wise as I found all the other staff extremely pleasant. Sort it out as there is no shortage of excellent Indian restaurants in the area.
Though once a favorite date spot - I am sad to report that this place has gone down hill. They used to know us by name and have the quickest water refills this side of the Mississippi but now, on a recent Valentines day experience, it took 20 minutes for anyone to come our table, and it was after I had to stand up and ask for them to come over. They threw our silverware at us, food came out cold and our cups went empty for most of the meal. Its the end of an era for us - We're won't be going back.
If I were to rate *only* the food then I would have given a 5-star rating since I find the food really good. But its not only the food that makes you come back or appreciate a place.  The service of this place is very poor. I believe the servers should be given some training on how to interact with guests, how to behave with them, how to serve them. But no, the owner doesn't care about it. It happens with me all the time, the servers "hands-me" the plates, bowls, curries, breads everytime without fail, insteading of keeping it on the table even when I am in the middle of my meal.   And the most irritating thing, they always ask you to pay while you are eating. ALWAYS! Why can't they wait for me to finish and then let me ask for the cheque or if it can't be avoided, why can't they be courteous while asking for it. Last time when I went there, the same thing happened and instead of complying, I complained, asked the server that I wanted to speak to the manager. This really spoils *the* experience for me.  I keep going back to this place since it is walking distance from my place, but after the last time, never going back!
Been looking for a good Indian restaurant for awhile now, and it looks like I am going to have to keep on looking.  The staff was very unfriendly, not even saying welcome, or how are you today?     The food itself was okay, nothing worth going back for, but not something that I wanted to walk out over either.  The only real redeeming item was the Rice Pudding that my husband had for desert.   Overall not a place that I would tell people to go to.
In Short: A shell of its former glory, but still edible.  I remember the glory days when this place was awesome, definitely the best indian food in the valley.  I hear there was an ownership change and all went down hill from there.  The steady decline resulted in lesser quality ingredients, smaller portions, shoddy service, and down right rundown nature of the place.  I wish they reinvested some cash in to this place and put a little pizazz back into the food and decor.    The best and worst thing I can say about the food is that it's edible.  Most items are over spiced, all I can taste is the curry and nothing else.  Lunch buffet is still probably your best bet, it still have most of the staples but at the height of this place, the buffet was a sight to behold.  Samosas are pretty top notch, then again it's hard to mess up a samosa.  It's still decent indian food, but nothing great, there are much better options out there.
My g/f and I ate here last year and it was, plain and simply,  AWFUL. We got there about an hour before closing and they basically ignored us. The veggies on our plates resembled the kind of stuff you find in those cheap frozen Bird'sEye packages with the square-cut carrots. The sauces were extremely bland. The service? Non-existent. Don't ever go, as I believe closing time or not, the food and place is a terrible waste of money and time. Go to Royal Taj or The Dhaba instead, to experience something closer to the term "satisfaction".
We survived inspite of the stale food! Several items on the buffet were just plain stale. Not sure how these guys are in business.
Went for their buffet last week, and sadly didn't have any sort of memorable experience. The most impressive dishes were the potato cauliflower dish, and the drink. Naan was boring, spiciness of the meat dishes lacked flavor to make them complex. Perhaps it is just that I have been spoiled by the amazing Indian food I have had elsewhere, but this just did not stack up.   To be fair, I have never ordered off this restaurant's menu, so perhaps their cooked to order fare is more impressive, but the lunch buffet was just not doing it for me.   Price was reasonable, so at least there was no sticker shock to add insult to injury.
Some days are good, some days are bad.  I have experienced the good and the bad of Pasand.  I have experienced great service and horrible service from the same person.  When my family and I first tried Pasand, we had a very family warming type experience.  The food was exceptional as we each tried a variety of North and South Indian foods.  There was also a time where the server took the food out too late and the dosas turned out cold.  He did not offer to refire another one.  In another experience, my dad got sick the next day.  It is hard to dine some where when you don't know how it will turn out.
Not my favorite at all, it was just ok. I would like to try the buffet though. I just did not think the flavors were all there.
Week end buffet was awful..nothing special about the food.. there were few items that were stale...A weekday regular food was ok...I wouldnt suggest pasand for indian food as phoenix has better indian restaraunts.
Hey look at me, Im a big fancy resturant in a big fancy hotel and casino and I really don't give a shit about how my customers are handled or, apparently, the quality of food I seve.  Ive eaten here ONCE. The aforementioned points were the negatives. The decor was nice and I really wanted to like the place but it simply was a very unpleasant experience.  Las Vegas is an interesting town; You never really know at any given time how much money someone might be willing to spend. Most of the city has figured it out, you treat everyone like a king and you don't judge a book by it's cover. Apparently Gaylord didn't get the memo.  If you're stuck up and like a stuck up environment with pretencious food, enjoy!
Okay, it could have been better.    Service:  Our waiter kept trying to up sell us food.  Okay, we said we only wanted 1 order of naan bread...why do you insist on selling us 3?!?    Food:  The food was tasty, but unfortunately I've had better.  We had shrimp, dal, and other tasty varietals.    Unfortunately, I probably wouldn't go here again.  I'm sure there is better out there.
A very expensive place for a americanized Indian food. First sign that this is not a "TRUE" indian experience came when they were playing some middle-eastern music. The Mango Marghareita was good -but was also very expensive. Food was definitely bland. My colleagues enjoyed most of what was brought out there. But the food was real mild. One thing about the service though - as someone else had mentioned here - the waiter just kept pushing us to order more- both in terms of food and drink. One of the ladies was almost ready to take a half-full glass of mango margherita away so she could bring another drink.  Very expensive Indian experience..
Ok so this review is long overdue.  Gaylord's was undoubtedly a so so experience. my fiance and I ate dinner there after a few unlucky hands at the four card table at the Rio.  While it was only around 9ish pm there was one other couple in the restaurant (how weird) When I asked the hostess if we needed to make a reservation.. she kindly replied: no just come in (a light bulb in my thick head should have gone off). After we were seated we ordered the chicken pakoras for me as an appetizer (he's a vegetarian and i'm a pure carnivore) Needless to say yuck/blah/tasteless... Next we ordered the Paneer Tikka Masala and Yellow Dal with something called Bullet Naan.  The PTM was off the chart but the dal... I think I could have made better at home... the naan came out burnt and had to be sent back ( the server was pretty nice about it). All in all I think I should know what indian food should taste like but unfortunately I won't be returning to this mediocre restaurant and blowing my bucks on food thats "commercialized indian". Save yourself the time people and go Origin India or Tamba.
This place could be good. I wouldn't know though because we tried to go there last night and it was closed for a private party and today I tried to call to order lunch for pick up and they don't answer their phone. That's stupid!! The restaurants in the Rio are a horrible excuse for food, from what I've tried, and I was hoping this one at least would be good as we have to stay at the Rio for trade shows. Maybe some time I'll be able to try it. PICK UP YOUR PHONE!!!
Olrite this place is in rio which is far from ceaser palace around 20 mins of walk on highway. Food was a waste.... I don't take much risk in Indian rest. and usually order dal-lentils...which I knew for sure should be fresh as it is easy to cook....their dal was mixture of leftovers from diff dals with water in it......yuck taste.... Then breads were horrible could not eat one nan..we got the 50% off coupons from tix which gives discounted buffet and coupons... Indian friends please do not try......price of almost all the dishes were doubled like 5$ for a nan. Not recommended
Food is not all that... The chicken tikka masala is not flavorful ... They are in a casino & they want people to be dressed up for buffet lunch especially when they are right next to swimming pool.. Very expensive .. The garlic bread or Roti is like $4.00 each..
Food is average, just about the kind of Indian food one would expect. Since this in located inside the Rio, its prices are through the roof! There are better places in LV for Indian Food
Service was slow and apathetic it really did remind me of India.  The lamb vindaloo was not good at all. I was thinking the chicken tikka masala was pretty good until about an hour later when I vomiting uncontrollably. Food poisoning for me and my buddy.
Chicken VERY dry. Had a groupon so didn't pay full price. Not worth the cost they want had MUCH better at Taj Palace off Eastern and Richmar.
Smelled great at first, but buffet selection was below par and having the runs for 2 days afterwards just killed it.  Listening to poolside techno at an Indian buffet was also weird.  DO NOT eat there before you go to the airport or a club, unless you're prepared to lay down some serious toilet paper on the seats.  Worst decision ever.
It was time for a curry, after all i haven't had one since back in England. I saw this place had opened up and thought...well why not eh?! The decor is nice a little bit on the poncy side for an indian but well whatever floats their boat right?   So we ordered the usual beers (Cobra and Kingfisher) and had a mild heartattack at the cost of a small beer...ok i unerstand that this stuff is shipped from India and all that, but i can buy the same beer at Lees for cheaper...well the resturant charges us $6.00 (domestic was $4 and other imported beer like corona was $5) So we supped our beers very slowly!   As always you get a "freebie" plate of popadoms and chutneys, their chutney selection was mint and some sort of brown sauce...still not too sure what was in that one....but we were very disapointed not to find the usual onion salad and mango chutney in the selection!  The menu is quite limited, you won't find the standard tikka masala, rogan josh, or aloo gobi here my friends. The menu seems to be aimed more towards the veggy market, and seeing as the whole point of curry was a strong sauce to over power the taste of rotten meat (it's true check your history books...look for some time around the British Raj!) the meat side was very limited...a bit of chicken, prawn, fish and lamb.    All of the main dishes come served with rice, salad, naan and a veggy side dish.....which no matter what you choose turns up as yellow or black lentils!!! The curry is quite a small portion and comes set on your plate (there's no sharing here!) the rice was just plain white...what happened to the balsamic i hear you cry? The salad was mainly red pepper (3 slices) and cucumber (4 slices) on a warm lettuce leaf...yum appetising *blee*   On our table we ordered the Safed murg korma  (which tasted like Cambells chicken soup), the Murg makhani (which actually wasn't too bad as long as you ask for it hot!) and the Aloo nazakat (which looked and i'm positive it had the same texture of baby sick!)   The total cost of the meal was $120, that was made up of  the 5 beers and 4 curries; all in all i believe it was over priced with tiny portions!  Sadly it looks like i'll have a bit of a long wait (or a 10 hour plane ride) for my next curry!!
Terrible service. Everyone in our party was forced to order their own entre, even though some of them were not hungry. The entre come with nan. The waiter refused to substitute them with similar priced roti because "the chef was unwilling".
We only ate here because of a $25 gift certificate.  The food was descent but way over price for Indian food.  Our entrees came out in a single bowl  with no side dishes.  I thought it was a joke, but now I know its not one of my favorite place to eat.
Very mediocre...nan was among the worst I've ever had...and I eat a lot of Indian food all around the country.  The veggie Kofta was uninspired and the sauce was straight out of a can...I have had this same sauce from a can in other restaurants.  Samosa's were not good...the other apps we had were equally boring...the chutney was generic...2 stars because the service was decent and the place looks nice.  Food is crap.
so we went here because we had a desi food craving. unfortunately this was not fulfilled at all. the place has good decor/atmosphere and the service is professional and friendly. however the food does not do justice to the name "origin india" - maybe they are better at meat dishes than vegetarian but their kofta was basically all potato and not tasty. the food was bland and i would not go back there to eat. however they do have a wide selection of beer which was intriguing because its not the typical stuff you find - mostly belgian.. so if you do end up here then ask about their beer selection - its the only tasty thing i had there!
Eek! Methinks not. The restuarant was nice but that's it. The proportions are small for the price.All the dishes tasted the same- over flavored. I ordered my lamb to be a 9 spicy (with 10 being the most spicy) , there was not spicy at all in the dish. The $10 Coronas were too pricey. For two people we spent $70 and were not full or satisfied. Overpriced.
I consider myself to be a curry aficionado. I grew up in Vancouver, which with its large Indian community, has amazing curries. I lived in London for several years, which has some of the best curry houses out there. I know what good curry is, and Origin just doesn't have it.  Perhaps the fusion menu is somewhat better than the traditional menu, but I was in the mood for curry so I stuck with the traditional. We ordered 4 different dishes, 2 mains and 2 sides. We had a curried lamb shank, a prawn dish, mutter paneer and dal mahkani.   Let me be clear, the curry was not necessarily bad, it just wasn't that good. Each of the dishes tasted exactly the same, and looked much the same. The food was bathed in some sort of bitter tasting dark-colored gravy. It would have been fine as a stand alone dish, but getting 4 plates of exactly the same flavor/texture just didn't do it for me.   The other off putting thing about the place was the turn and burn type service. It was rushed even though we had reservations, and it wasn't that busy. The server didn't come back once except to bring the check. Also, the bus boy came to take our plates away 2 mins after being served, and before we had even started on the food! Oh, and it's overpriced too.  I have to say, I am disappointed. I had high hopes after reading my fellow yelpers' reviews. My search for good curry in Vegas continues...
My sis and I came here and we both craving Indian food since we hadn't had it in a while ... the staff is really nice, the place is clean and decor is great. Buuuuut, we left a bit disappointed. I guess this really only applies to the buffet ... which would really have 2 1/2 stars but gave them 3 assuming their regular menu is better.   We walked in, they seated us and said "we have buffet, help yourself" ... we thought that's all they were offering for lunch, we would have at least liked to see their lunch menu! It wasn't til they offered the menu to someone else that we became curious! haha We picked up a to go menu as we walked out and it sounds a lot better than what we experienced ...   I guess being from Los Angeles, I've had my fair share of Indian buffets and this one fell short in my book. It was $14.99 and the selection was small. White rice, tandoori chicken, vegetable curry, chicken curry, punjabi curry (not sure what kind of meat it was, it was mushy), fish curry ... a potato soup (which was really salty), fruit salad and plain naan. I guess back home they just have so much more to choose from ... samosas, garlic naan, multiple curries etc. The food was ok ... just lacked variety and used to garlic naan. We ordered a side of samosas, good but would have preferred a thicker crust/wrap - it was more of an eggroll wrapper.   Next time I'm in town and craving Indian food, I think I'll order off their regular menu or go somewhere else for a buffet.
When I walked into this restaurant I was struck by the ambiance.  The dim romantic lighting, the heavy silk drapery and exotic decor were enticing.  When I opened the menu and saw the rather high prices I thought that the food must be superb.    Well, in reality the food was just okay.  Nothing spectacular. In fact, the Chicken Curry was dry.   Even though our party of seven ordered seven dishes that were listed as "family style", there was just enough food.  Maybe not even.  I think people were embarrassed to take too much our of the small dishes- as we had to share amongst seven people.  I think that became apparent when everyone was anxious to order extra orders of Naan (break).    My advice to the owners?  Lower the prices a bit and increase the size of the portions.
The most horrible and terrible experience.  I went to this place with my family for lunch buffet, the buffet is over priced $14.99 per person and the following are the items in buffet.  1 veggie soup - flavor less and watery. 2 cheap appetizer   3 Chicken tikka 4. steamed rice 5. lamb curry 6. Fish curry  7. veggie curry - no salt and veggies were uncooked and raw. 8 lentils - flavorless, no salt  9 rice pudding   Service is very bad, there was a middle aged waiter who has an attitude problem.  The decor is good and looked expensive and therefore it seemed they want to feed customers garbage at expensive rate and make up for the decor cost.   For the kind of money they charge I could have had better meal in one of the casinos.  The very thought of this place enrages me and my family because we spent nearly $100 for this crap.  Will never ever go to this place, the owners of this place
What happened Origin India? You used to be so good! So this is my first time coming back here since Feb. of 09, post their new chef and menu changes. I'm disappointed because they were so good and the service was so amazing before and this time around it was just not.  My friend and I walk in, get seated, and are immediately approached by a waiter inquiring on our water preference. We receive our menus and start talking and realize that we have no drink menu. Okay? Don't the two usually go together? Mid conversation we're interrupted by another waiter after we just looked at the newly received drink menu. We said we need more time and he saunters off. The menu has become this bizarre fusion without the proper names of the dishes, so it's like uh what? Basically they give you the recipe without saying what it is. My friend ordered the chicken tikka salad that was served over a minuscule bed of coarsely chopped iceberg and romaine and I ordered the lamb curry stir fry, which was really lamb vindaloo. We ordered some samosas and apricot and raisin naan to start. The waiter inquires how spicy I wanted the vindalooo and I say as spicy as it gets and that we would like the naan and the samosas to start. Please tell me why it took 10 minutes to get our cocktails in a bar that was not busy? I mean literally the bartender was just standing there doing nothing and there was no one at the bar. When we received our cocktails that were $10 in small martini glasses we were less then impressed. I ordered the orange peace margarita and my friend ordered a blackberry pomegranate concoction. We both slowly drank them, but they were not that good. So our naan arrives at the table as well as our samosas in a little tower shape with a nice presentation. The flavors were good, albeit dry. 4 minutes after that he brings the chicken tikka salad to the table after he asked when we were taking our order if we wanted the salad with the samosas or with the lamb. We said with the lamb since that was her entree. After 5 additional minutes obviously my lamb wasn't coming and he forgot they were supposed to be served together. So she ate and I just sat there. Fun times. After she was done, the lamb got brought to the table and I literally could barely eat it. My fault because I said as spicy as it gets, but that was ridiculous. I can usually take spicy but damn. He asked how everything was, I said really really spicy and he brought over some raita.  It still wasn't good after that, and when he inquired later on how I was doing, I still said it's really spicy and he awkwardly laughed and walked away. He didn't ask do you want me to have the kitchen make another one for you? Nope, he just giggled and walked away. WTF?! Now I could understand if I ate half of the dish but I had a little corner of my plate with the lamb on it and some rice. It felt like it was his first waiting tables job and it was just off. Yes, the waiter was nice but it felt like a poorly operated faux fine dining experience. They were not trained properly on etiquette, nor timing. We paid our $60 bill and left. I boxed up my vindaloo and took it home and ended up just throwing it away anyway because I knew I wasn't going to eat it, I just couldn't justify spending $21 for something and not eating it. Oh and also, the lamb didn't come with rice it was a $3 upcharge. Ridiculous.   After the great experience I had to that is just disappointing, and it was my birthday last night to boot. I'm kind of undecided if I want to go back after that.
The service is not that good and the food is also not that great
It sucks... Naan was the only good thing.. And for which we had to wait so long... When we asked why is it taking so long the answer we got was "we are busy". Being an Indian I know how these food should taste and they taste nothing like that.. Not much options in the buffet...
Wish I could tell you about the food but the poor service overshadowed the meal. The staff was friendly enough but failed to provide the most obvious of necessities. Exhibit A: drinks. I requested a glass of soda from not one, not two, but three different staff members. Finally, when there was still no sign of the drink, I asked for them to just bring it when the food arrives. One waiter said, "could you remind me to do that?" Umm, isn't that your JOB to remember that? They seemed inattentive to their customers yet spent a great deal of time arranging silverware on tables that weren't even occupied. How about focusing attention on the warm bodies sitting here now?  Exhibit B: the bill. At this point, I was pretty annoyed and obviously in no mood to leave a big tip. But the waiter stands at your table with his credit card machine and processes your bill right then and there. AWKWARD.  To my Love, I'm sorry to have taken you here on your special day. Happy effin' birthday.
First the real bad. The service is slow and a bit inattentive. Our lassi took forever, we didn't get napkins until after our appetizers which didn't come with any of the typical chutneys.   Now the not-so-bad. We ordered the Mater Paneer which was good, not great and the Chicken Tikka Masala which was runnier than expected and the chicken a little dry. The flavor was good but a little too garlicky. The Samosas were the best part, a little spicier than normal, which was a pleasant surprise. The mango lassi was spot on. The naan was solid and they offer a variety of naan flavors that can be ordered in one basket.   Finally, the chutneys, once they arrived were a bit off. Too much mint in the mint chutney for one thing.
I bought a $25 lunch Groupon recently, and my wife and I decided to use it yesterday.  We each had the lunch buffet which had about 6 warm dishes and 3 cold dishes. I had mixed pakora, basmatti rice, dahl, soup, lamb curry, spicy fish, chicken curry, naan, and raita.  The naan seemed a tad under cooked. The lamb was very tender. The pakora was good but on the soggy side. The soup was tasty. The rest was rather forgettable.  My wife got a mango lassi and she said it was one of the best she ever had.  Even after our Groupon, the bill came to $15 for the two of us for two lunch buffets, a mango lassi, and a diet Coke. The food was okay but I've certainly had better Indian food. For the price, I did not think this was a good value, and I have no plan to return.
The food and drinks were amazing last night. The service however, ruined it. We showed up a little after 6 and was strongly advised by our waiter to get drinks and apps because they were bogo during happy hour. We ordered drinks and apps and an entree each. The drink I ordered was Shandi something and it was spicy, peppery and perfect. My friend had 'The Maria' . It was fruity and on the sweet side but equally as delicious. The appetizers we got were plated beautifully. The scallops were my favorite, nice and crispy outside yet tender and mild on the inside. The stuffed portobella mushroom was tasty too, I just would have liked it served warmer since it was deep fried. I had the lamb shank after being advised by the waiter it was much better than the lamb stir fry i ordered at first. The lamb shank was every bit of amazing as it was expected to be. The sauce was extremely spicy, flavorful as well as hot. I coughed after my first bite. The lamb itself was so tender it fell off the bone. I could cut the meat with my fork. My friend had the baby eggplant dish and loved it. Now I bring myself to the downer of this meal....the LACK of SERVICE! We were never offered refills on our drinks, yet our glasses of water were refilled continually by the busboy. Once we were finished with our meal we sat and waited for our check for over 30 minutes with our waiter nowhere in sight. Thank God my friend was so entertaining or else I would have been more upset. After 40 minutes had gone by I started flagging down anyone i could find to ask for our check. I asked the bartender, the hostess, the busboy...then finally our waiter appears and presents us with our check. The check was wrong of course because he had charged us full price for the drinks and apps he worked so hard to sell us on for happy hour. I could understand though since it was now 8:15. I quickly jumped up and followed him back to the kitchen and asked him if he could fix our check. His response was "I will speak with the manager about it" to which I responded "We are in a hurry!" Then he said "Okay I'll take it off right now." Hahaha I think I scared myself a little there, but whatever it worked! We finally got out of there. It was really busy for a Tuesday night, but nonetheless that is no excuse for poor service.   Food = 5 stars  Service = 0 stars
I met some friends here for a birthday dinner.  My first impression of the restaurant was questionable.  While I like the music and earthy tones used in the decor.  I didn't like the cheap decorations and hanging fake candles.  The chair and table combination made me feel like the table was at my throat.   Once we were seated it took a unreasonable length of time to get water much less drink service.  Water was finally served at the time they took our order. Which was probably about 30 minutes after our arrival.  Our order was taken by a waiter who insisted there portions were very "generous."   The presentation of the appetizers was very nice but not very high on the taste factor.  I can't remember what it was that I had ordered.  Our main curse arrived in a series of small bowls.  The rice and naan were both tasty but the portions were disappointing.  Rice and naan are cheap to make and shouldn't be given out so limitedly.  I again can't remember exactly what I ordered but the food overall was highly disappointing.  The only item I can remember eating because it was probably the best of all 6 different dishes we ordered was the curried chicken.  While better than anything else we had it was still not great.  After dinner was served is when things really went down hill.  Our server seemed to have died.  Everyone at the table ran out of water about half way through dinner and never got a refill.  It took another hour to get the bill during witch time the buser passed our table repeatedly with the water pitcher and ignored us as we tried to wave him down.  Even with money in hand trying to pay the bill we were ignored for sometime.  I was very please to walk out of Origins 2.5 hours later, not because I was satisfied but because I hated every minute I spent in the place.  On one final note they were not busy this night.  Our table was one of about 6 with patrons.  The food was instantly forgettable and the price was way to high.  Hands down worst service in Las Vegas.  I will not return to Origin ever again.
So begin in Las Vegas for the first time ever, and being a lover of Indian food, decided to check out this place as per recommendations of fellow yelpers and a great review in the VEGAS magazine. Well... Brace for it.. It was horrible!!!!   Firstly, the decor left alot to be desired. If your going to be in the restaurant business in Vegas, you really have to great decor, something visually appealing. Trust me the photos posted on the website make it seem like its nice...its not. After visiting many restaurants on the Strip, this one had me thinking " wow..this looks plain". Even though its off the strip, I have seen mom and pop shops that look better than this, however I was still interested to see how the food was..   The dishes we ordered were as follows: New Zealand lamb shank..veggie biryani..punjabi khadi..paneer tikka masala. The best of all these was the Lamb Shank..the meat was quite tender but the curry felt like it was just warmed up, didn't taste fresh at all. The veggie biryani was kinda sticky, not very flavorful. The punjabi khadi was horrible! It was so salty we had to send it back, after the waiter tasted it himself he agreed, the salt was overkill. Paneer tikka masala was your standard fare..nothing stood out. I would have to think that maybe the owners think they can get away with serving sub par indian food, since Im sure this restaurant doesn't get many people of indian origin visiting.   So to sum it up, I have got to believe that Vegas has better indian food than this place. I'm quite shocked at all the positive reviews from some people! Maybe next time I will go to Gaylord Indian Restaurant at Rio.
Ok guys, I am an Indian and consider myself a connoissuer. My wife and kid keep complaining I am never happy until I find some decent Indian food. I can tell you this place sucks, the quality and taste of food, that is. The place is clean, good decor and all but the choice of food and the taste is terrible. You maybe impressed if you are a non indian but I wanted people to have an idea what another Indian thinks of it. I usually do not write negative comments but I feel this place should work harder at dishing out some decent Indian food and not rip people off. Almost everything tastewise was awful, I am sorry to say.
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine. To clarify, not the blandest Indian food that I have ever eaten. The blandest food period.  I appreciate them trying to serve healthful Indian food, but there is no excuse not to use all those wonderful Indian spices.   Nothing was good about the food. My husband and I eat a lot of Indian food, and we couldn't believe how void of flavor everything was. I think this place is why we stopped bothering to find a good Indian place when we visit Vegas.
Service was beyond bad, we waited & waited for refills, the check..., will never come back. Food was overpriced, and the server spit when he spoke, so being literally spit on plus waiting when there were maybe 4 families in the whole place.. Food was whatever..but could not get over how bad the service was. What a way to treat my Mom on her birthday :: total fail:: :( it took 2 hours to get out of there
I really wanted to love this place. The menu looked great and the staff was very friendly.   I ordered 2 entrees to go. Stuffed chicken and the tikka masala.  They asked me a few times if I wanted it spicy.  YES, please! (I know I am a blond white girl, but I like it HOT).  I sat and waited for about 15 minutes when the bartender apologize, I could not have the stuffed chicken because it was too "dry".  He recommended the chicken Korma and promised I would like it.  Nope, hated it.  It tasted like dry chicken cooked in whole milk (NO FLAVOR) and super watery.  The tikka masala was so bland, add a little basil and you've got chicken tomato basil soup. Not even a little spice.  They could have hidden the blandness with some heat. Naan was delish.  Over priced for the meal-  $50. Sorry Origin, but I make better Indian food in my own kitchen.
My friend and I were in the mood for some Indian cuisine. 4 stars on Yelp is pretty good, right? Unfortunately, the best thing that can be said about this place is it has a nice interior, more upscale than your typical Indian establishment. Otherwise, the food was decidedly mediocre and the service was absolutely atrocious, some of the worst I've experienced in a long time. But let's start from the beginning...  On a big banner right outside the restaurant, they advertised a 3-course dinner for two for $29.99. Upon inquiring about this option, our waiter informed us that special was no longer being offered and they've been meaning to take it down. However, they did have a 5-course tasting menu, served family-style, for $45 per person! Now either the waiter was bullshitting us or their website which advertises the same special is out-of-date as well. Either way, this is what you call a classic "bait and switch" and FALSE advertising! We should have taken the hint and walked out then, but we were hungry. Unfortunately this same thought would be a recurring theme throughout the rest of the evening. So we asked what was included in the 5-course tasting menu and were not terribly excited by what we heard and it didn't seem worth anywhere near $90 for the two of us. We asked for a "few more minutes" to peruse the menu.  After about 5 minutes, we decided to get the sweet apricot and raisin naan ($4), chicken tikka makhani ($13), seven spice veal ($25), baby eggplant ($11), and 2 side dishes of chana massala and aloo gobi ($7 each). Oh and we had to pay another $3 for a single order rice because none of the entrees came with any! We ended up waiting another 15 minutes before another waiter spotted us looking a bit perturbed and asked if we needed anything. We told him we were ready to order. I thought he was going to take our order but instead he just told our original waiter that we were ready and would be "right with us". Our waiter was running a couple's credit card with one of those portable terminals right at their table. After the receipt was signed, the waiter continued to idly chat with them for another 5 minutes or so. Then our waiter disappeared into the kitchen or God knows where for another 10 minutes before finally coming to take our order. He apologized for us waiting "a few minutes" (yeah right, try half an hour). I would be more understanding if they were really busy, but less than 1/5 of the tables were occupied. I know, I know, we should've walked out already.  So finally our order is in, but we wait and wait and we wait some more. We continue to watch other customers who sat down after us and ordered after us, get their food first and in one case, actually pay the bill and leave! At this point I am so incredibly green with envy of the customers who have the "other waiter". After about half an hour, they finally bring out all the food at once. At this point, we were absolutely ravenous, but our spirits lifted in the hopes that it would be worth the wait.  Unfortunately, while the food satiated our hunger pangs, it was substandard Indian fare. The naan was not crispy at all but rather thick and gummy. It didn't contain very much apricot or raisin and no chutney, tamarind, mint, or any kind of condiments were offered. The chicken makhani, usually one of my favorites, was kind of bland. It lacked the spicy complexity that a good curry should have. The chicken didn't seem to be marinated at all. It was dry and was probably cooked separately and then tossed into the curry at the end. The aloo gobi was mostly potato and contained very little cauliflower. We both got bitefuls of undercooked, semi-raw potato as well. The chana massala, veal, and baby eggplant dishes fared no better.  During this time, no one stopped by to ask how the food was. Nobody offered to refill our nearly empty glasses of water until we were ready to pay the check. After asking for the check, we waited over 15 minutes before our waiter returned and was expecting to collect the check. When we explained that we still had not received the check, he disappeared for another 4-5 minutes before finally returning with our check. We usually pay via credit card, but decided that we better settle up in cash lest we want to spend another half an hour waiting. I almost never leave no tip, but I'm thinking this is one of the rare situations that qualify. However, my friend lobbies hard to leave at least 10%. As we're walking back to our cars, a Black crack whore tries to solicit us. Ah, a fitting end to such a memorable evening!  Here's the executive summary: nice interior ambiance, over-priced mediocre food, horrendous service. I am sorely tempted to give this 1-star but since the food was at least edible (except for the undercooked potatoes) I suppose it just BARELY merits 2 stars. Take my advice: save your money AND time. Don't do it. Just go somewhere else, like Mount Everest, Namaste, or Samosa Factory.
I was in Vegas with my family and grandfather had come with us as well, so we were looking to take him to an Indian food place for lunch. This place had a 4 star rating on yelp so we thought we should give it a try for lunch.  We walked in and the first thing I said to myself was, "wow, this is nice." The decorations were very well done, and it looked upscale unlike your typical Indian restaurant.   Unfortunately, the lunch buffet was atrocious. There were very few choices for vegetarians, a rarity in Indian restaurants. The only vegetarian appetizer was the vegetable pakoras, which they had ran out of when we got there. They eventually made more, but we were already half way through our meal. To their credit, the pakoras were good. They had a half-ass salad along with some kidney beans.   Both vegetarian sabzis were potato based: aloo matter and aloo gobi. Wouldn't you think not to make two very simialar dishes? It seemed like they forgot to put salt in the aloo matter while the aloo gobi tasted like there was twice as much salt as needed. The quality of the ingredients were good, but the taste was totally lacking.  Also, they had rice, but there was no form of dhal. Who eats plain rice? I understand non-Indians will just mix one of the sabzis, but if you are an Indian restaurant, please make the effort and don't cheap out.   Finally, there was no dessert at all. What kind of lunch buffet doesn't have a dessert dish?  The service was bad as well. They clearly paid more attention to those customers ordering off the menu. I had to wait about 10 minutes to get my glass of water refilled, and there were only 3 other parties there at the time.   The other good thing they had was their naan. It was delivered hot and fresh to your table, and it was done perfectly. The only  two things that were good were the naan and pakora.  This place maybe different for dinner or if you order off the menu, but don't even think about going here for the lunch buffet, especially if you are vegetarian.
We were told great things about the lunch buffet so we decided to try it one day for lunch. When we got there we saw a very nice restaurant but no buffet so I asked the woman at the front specifically if they still did the lunch buffet. To which she answered yes. So, we sat down and waited and waited and waited for a server to come over and finally a man came over to bring us some water. He asked if we had been served and we said we wanted more info on the lunch buffet. He got terrified and said someone else would help us. So, the lady I originally asked about the buffet came over and we asked her for information about it. She then said that they werent doing the buffet for a couple of weeks so they could change it. WTF??? I asked why she specifically said that she had it and she said that she was sorry because she never heard me ask that. THAT WAS THE ONLY QUESTION I ASKED!!! What did you say yes to? How does that even make sense? I don't like feeling like she said what she thought we needed to hear just to get us in the seats. We just walked out after that. Thats a terrible way to do business.
I found this at Groupon and decided to try it out. I'm not Indian, but I'm a sucker for Indian food. So far, I've tried other Indian restos here in Vegas that I would recommend than the Origin India. The ambiance is pleasant, but as for the food, they did not taste very Indian-ish to me. They were spicy but they tasted plain. It was not a terrible experience, since the service was not so bad, but food quality wise, maybe try somewhere else.
Our daughter got food poisoning from the undercooked tandoori chicken.  We went to this place because of a living social coupon. There prices were astronomical.  $40 will barely get you two entrees.  The food tastes okay, but we've had way better for a fraction of cost at hole in the wall Indian lunch buffets.   They do not use traditional Indian names for their dishes making it hard for those familiar with the cuisine to know what you are ordering.
This place offers so many specials and coupons, yet they seem to be very picky about using them and redeeming them. We had gotten a groupon deal but when we were paying they said they couldn't accept the groupon because wasn't in their database yet and we would just have to pay and they would email us another one... never got that email of course! :-/  Although this did happen we went during the lunch buffet and it was pretty good, but $16 for an indian lunch buffet is way too high and there's a lot of competition in this town. We only went here because we had the coupon and it ended up costing us extra in the long run! Super annoying! Rarely complain about places, but I won't be going back there...
I really don't understand where all the hype is coming from, while it was decent, it is nowhere near 4 star status.    I thought that the prices were pretty expensive during lunch.  We went on a Saturday lunch and they didn't offer any specials, except for the $30 Prix fixe meal for two.    The food was okay, but I expected a fuller, richer flavor as the items seemed a bit bland to me for Indian food.  One of the chicken items tasted like Orange chicken from panda express and the other chicken dish used so much yogurt in it that it completely drowned out the spices, not to mention the impending bloating (dang Asian lactose intolerance genes!).  The rice wasn't aromatic like other basmati rice that I've had and the naan was a bit too thick for my tastes as I like 'em thin and crispy.  I checked in on yelp and received a free appetizer, but the waiter gave me a little bit of flak for it because they said it wasn't on their system.  I was NOT about to pay $15 for 3 small pieces of dry lamb chop.  He finally conceded after tasting some of my Chinese haggling skills.  I probably wouldn't come back, there's a whole bunch of other options in Vegas to eat at.
Fell sick the next day. Ruined Vegas trip
Used the Yelp $20 for $40 deal. Wasn't worth it even with the discount! Food was overpriced and not that good. The service was excellent and I felt bad because they tried really hard but the food was mediocre. (Hence the 2 stars for the service and cute decor. The music they played was kind of odd as well; contemporary music which seemed out of place!)   Back to reviewing the food... The lamb curry was neither lamb nor curry. Kind of bland and Americanized. Wanted to feel the intensity of the curry and taste the gamey-ness of the lamb meat. The kebab sampler was okay. The prawns in the sampler were delish (but you only get 2!!) but the rest of it was average. I have had better food at a food truck. I really appreciate value for my money and I don't mind spending a lot but I want to have a dining experience where the food is delightful and wows me. And for $25 a plate it did nether delight me or wow me. Too bad I really wanted to love this place and make it my go to Indian spot. I will continue my search! =(
Very expensive with less quantity . If you are going for ambience then I would give 4stars but food with the money you spent is not worth it:(
Mediocre food and the worst attitude I have experienced in a long time.   Went for dinner on July 3 and ordered 4 Biryanis which were OK but the Raita which came with it was good for one Biryani. When pointed it out they said that's the standard quantity so we ordered more Raita, no Problem still. Ordered some desserts but nothing great there as well. Gajar Halwa was too sweet and luke warm, Ras Malai pieces were broken (happens if they are not fresh) and was not cold as its supposed to be. When the bill came it had few (4-5) items we didn't order. Thankfully my buddy caught it and when he pointed out to the manager he was not apologetic at all and behaved as if he is doing us a favor by correcting his mistake.    Anyway next day we saw a deal on Groupon next day so we thought lets give it another shot and try their Buffet.  We were a big group so bought two different coupons and they said one coupon per table. We offered to sit on two different tables but the waiter smiled and said it's ok and pointed us to a big table.The spread was good but the food was again OK and very heavy, one positive was that they brought fresh Nans to the table which were soft.  When the waiter got us the bill they again said that they can't accept two coupons. We called the manager and he said "I am not sure what the waiter said but I see you sitting on one table" . I don't mind these small things usually but its the attitude that sucks, forget about accepting the coupon there was no apology in case the waiter created the confusion. This is the level of service when they saw us second time in two days .  Bottom line didn't feel that the management/ staff is courteous and and the food tastes edible but is pretty greasy and heavy. May be try another Indian restaurant next time.
The food is great!  The ambiance is quite pleasant. The service is absolutely atrocious & they should be ashamed & embarrased to operate in a city with such highly acclaimed dining.   I've been here many many times (so it wasn't just once or twice), unfortunately, I kept going back because it's quality Indian food & I needed my fix. Soooo, I started to take it to-go...FAIL!  Miserable FAIL! Take out orders, really??  Good grief!  Last time I did take out, he answered and said, "call back". WHA?  You don't tell customers to call back??  I called back because I was intrigued, he put me on hold for 10 minutes, no joke, I timed it because I was so irritated. After he finally answered, I said, "are you finally ready to take my order?" he simply replied, "yes"   LMFAO!!! WHAT, are you kidding me??  What a joke!  The supervisors don't even seem to be concerned because after I've addressed issues in a pleasant and polite manner, even they cannot handle guests.  When you treat people poorly, they will eventually stop tolerating it.  I'm done. Won't be back EVER!
The food really wasn't that great. The chicken tasted microwaved in the chicken curry dish we ordered. The customer service was dismal as well. They were pretty restrictive on their yelp check in offer. My wife and I usually split entrees. We were required to each order an entree. Most resorts in Vegas don't offer a fridge. I hate throwing away leftovers.
PLEASE SEE Way below for the original review, originally was rated 1 star.  The manager attempted to contact me after my review & here is the message. I do give them credit, hence the upgraded 2 stars for actually listening to their guests and attempting to make things right. But in all honestly, I was burned too many times to consider going back.    Ganesh M.   One month ago Hello Ma'am my name is Ganesh and I'm the manager over at origin India. I read your review about our restaurant and to be honest with you this is the first time I am hearing about this situation. Did you get the food delivered or did you pick it up from the restaurant. If you picked it up from the restaurant would you be able to describe the person that took your order? It seems strange that I have no recollection of anyone letting me know about these situations for I would have corrected it. We would like to get to the bottom of this situation because it is very damaging to our restaurant if this situation has happened. We would like you to come back and give us another chance for us to change your mind about our restaurant. Thank you for your constructive review and please visit us soon.   _______My response:  Jen C. Sir, I appreciate your response. And I always feel horrible giving a business a bad rating, but it's a constant & consistent problem your business has.   I've been to your restaurant MANY MANY MANY times and literally every single time the service was horrible!!! So I started to do take-out and then even the take-out was just a joke.   So that's why I will not come back to your establishment which really sucks for me because I think the food is terrific!   One note I will give, is one of the many times visiting, I attempted to use an opentable check, which is just like a travelers check. Which you are supposed to accept since you are on opentable.com The servers and supervisor that night had no idea what it was and refused to take it. That was one of my many disappointing trips in. For future, I would suggest you educated your staff on ALL payment methods.  Thanks.
AWFUL.  I am sorry I come from Edison, New Jersey where you have a lot of indian restaurants that are amazing including buffets with restaurant quality food.  I travel a lot and have to admit this is one of the worst Indian restaurants I have ever eaten.   Honestly I have had better Indian food in Kansas City. The food had no flavour.  I think my mom could cook better than this.  The buffet has no rhyme or reason to it,  there are choices like Fried fish and then you have paneer with some weird sauce and vegetables.  I eat Indian food twice a week and was really disappointed.  As I spoke to a few people in the restaurant, most were tourists so you get the impression that they probably do not have a lot of repeat clientele.  Would not recommend and will not go back.
Good food, had to get it re-done because it was swimming in a pool of oil. Went there for lunch and apparently, there was only server and one assistant for the entire place..our food was very delayed. However, they do have a good menu and the food is certainly tasty.
Interesting, different menu items... My Dad really wanted to try something with, I think ox tail on the menu... I had something with duck...   Now I know why they're "interesting and different" for Indian Cuisine...   Sorry... It just did not sate our palates...
My boyfriend and I ate here on 3/13 for restaurant week, wasn't expecting much since Indian restaurants in vegas are sub-par at best.   Well, the appetizers were disappointing. The chicken was ok: nothing to write home about, the stuffed mushroom was really gross, the lamb kebab was way too spicy and the fish was dry (luckily they brought out mint chutney and tamarind sauce).  I was relieved that the entrees were better. The tandoori chicken was excellent! Lentils were ok, lamb was pretty good. Couldn't keep my hands off the naan :) so yummy.   A piece of advice: skip dessert. My panna cotta tasted like jello and bf's doughnut holes tasted like pancakes -___-   Service wasn't great, decor was alright. Probably won't go back.
When we first arrived we ordered drinks and they were out of the first three types of beer that my boyfriend tried to order.  I ordered a chicken dish while he ordered vegetarian and the food was fantastic...until 4 hours later when I was sick with food poisoning. It was great going down but I didn't enjoy being extremely ill on vacation.  My boyfriend never got sick and enjoyed his leftovers.  I enjoyed the ambiance but I don't think I'll ever be going back. Stay away from the chicken!
They had a stall at the convention center. Awful is an understatement. I only went there because they had vegetarian food, but the rice was undercooked, the vegetables were overcooked and the Dal was not cooked and smelled burnt. Yikes! Next time, I will rely on Kind Bars rather than go here. Really bad.
The worst place ... Manager doesn't know how to manage and the server does not know what to talk..  Idiotic place
I came here with my boyfriend on our Vegas summer trip. I had seen this restaurant on Rachel's Vacation and wanted to give it a try. It was my 21st birthday dinner so I wanted to try some cocktail. The bartender recommended a few drinks for us and I decided to try something that had ginger in it (I forgot the name). It was crazy strong...I didn't eat before drinking it so I got really sleepy. Anyhow, we ordered the nan bread with mushroom. The nan were fresh and tasted okay.  We ordered two entrees, one seafood and one lamb. My fish was very boney, bland and hard to eat. My boyfriend got the lamb with some spices - it was not good at all. We had a really bad experience with the food. I'm not sure if we ordered the wrong things but ours were not good at all.
I was craving Indian food. So I googled Indian restaurants. This place had a good rating so I thought I'd give it a try.     There palak paneer was really spicy. Didn't like it. Very disappointed. It's not suppose to be spicy. Palak Paneer is my ultimate favorite Indian dish! So I was sad! My husband got the chicken tiki masala. Not realizing its $16 just for chicken in masala sauce!!!! It was good. Chicken was a little tuff though. $16 for that is just ridiculous!!! Tried the lemon rice and it was terrible! No flavor and way to many poppy seeds! Who wants seeds in there rice!? not me. Tried the garlic "nan" (tortillas) that was good! So for two dinners w/rice and tortillas we spent $45. That is just outrageous!   food is not that great. PRICES ARE RIDICULOUS!!!! And it's far from my house. Won't be going back!
Came here for some take out the other day and had the ol wtf?! moment when I got home. Here's why... The Cabana Salad with added chicken tikka ($10.50) was disturbingly poor. First off, for it to be even a $8 salad (w/o the chicken added) is insulting. It's similar to a side salad you get at McDonalds (yes, this exists). It even had shredded cheddar cheese on top. I'll repeat this. CHEDDAR CHEESE and chicken tikka. Together. WHY? To boot, the tomatoes were wilted, the chicken tikka was dryer than a popcorn fart and I would comment on the dressing but they forgot to give it to me. So, know this going in, they can't even make a salad right... and it costs over ten dollars.    The rest of the meal was a step up (how could it not be?) from the salad. The Chana Masala was average (a bit greasy) and the naan was baamb.   My advice? Grab an order or two of naan and dip it in your fave sauces at home. Better yet, find a place that makes great naan and something else to dip it in. NEXT!
They need to add some dark chicken curry to their menu.
The service was dubious. Very over priced $5 for rice $3 for side of sauce, entrees $14 for veggie and upwards of $35 for meat.  Indian food should not be anywhere close to this much especially when served with a frown.
Caveat: my parents were in the restaurant business in Los Angeles when I was a kid. In the Indian food restaurant business. I know my Indian food. I know what's good, what's not so good. Years ago (like 5), I went to Origin India and was blown away by the food. It set the bar for Indian food in Las Vegas.   I took my daughters (7 years old) to Origin India a few weeks ago. Figured it's time they're exposed to their peoples' food. The place still looks the same (which is quite nice, actually). The gentleman who waited on us was very friendly. He even brought my daughters out free Mango Lassi's. The lassi's were delicious. Reminded me exactly of those served in my parents' place in LA (now long gone).   For the kiddos, I ordered plain Naan, tandoori chicken and plain rice. For myself, the vegetable biryani and lamb vindaloo (my favorite dish in the world when done right). And a Kingfisher, which if you haven't tried it, it's a fantastic beer!  Overall, I was pretty underwhelmed by the food.   The naan seemed flatter than it should be but tasted good. The tandoori chicken was a little on the dry side. Not unlike that you'd find at an Indian food buffet.   The vegetable biryani was a complete disappointment: mushy rice, too wet, soft and flavorless (probably canned) vegetables.   The lamb vindaloo was not good. It kind of tasted like vindaloo but mostly didn't. It's hard to explain but the flavors just didn't seem developed enough. You could tell there were spices and flavors in there but they just weren't coming through. The funny thing is, when I took the leftovers out of the fridge to eat the next day, the sauce tasted a 100 times better. I'm guessing the vindaloo sauce wasn't allowed to mix and marry for some time like it needs before being served.   Despite really friendly service, we won't be back.
I love Indian food, but not "any" Indian food.   While the dining room is clean, and the service is decently good, the food is anything but lackluster. I went to a buffet lunch with friends, and was not at all impressed or even pleased with the food. On the buffet menu are lentil ball appetizer that's covered in yogurt sauce (I forgot the name ... shame on me), pilafs, 2/3 different type of curries (lamb meat and vegetable ones), and few other items that I didn't try. There are also desert, too. Some of my friend particularly liked the balls covered in honey sauce (again, I forgot the name of the dish, but that's what it is).   I'm not saying that the food is bad, it's OK, but not much more. My two Indian friends also share the same review - they told me to go somewhere else for more authentic food.
Lunch Buffet on a weekday.  Handful of people.    I think I'm missing something, considering all the great reviews.  The selection is impressive.  But it's all very mediocre stuff.  I just don't get it, I really just don't...  The chili chicken was like general tso's chicken (with 'indian' flavor).  The chicken tikka wasn't even fried, and the sauce was bland.  The samosas were oily and bland.  The garlic naan was dry.  The chutneys were also just blah (mint and coconut).  Same for the fish - bland, boring, no fish taste whatsoever.    Really, just like a Chinese buffet, only "indian-flavored."  Massive amounts of mediocre food.    (And don't give me the price.  I've had dirt cheap indian/pakistani stuff that's delicious.)  Besides, 10 bucks for lunch is not cheap.
Food is okay but service need to be improved. Appetizers were as cold as made day before. Bread/ Naan came 10 minutes after getting curry dishes. Waiter does not even make an eye-contact. Need to ask for dishes 2-3 times on weekday evening.  Do Not visit restroom- if you do so you will not eat food. It need to be cleaned.   Not at all worth the cost.
Avoid at all costs - found chewed up bubblegum in the food  We found chewed up bubblegum in our food during lunch buffet.  What is worse is that the manager refused to throw out the dish from the buffet and replace the contents.  People, this is a bad sign since they are willing to cut corners and worse to save a few bucks.   Anyways why would they spit out gum into the food?  This is so gross!  I will not go there again since I am sure that they really don't give a damn about their customer's health and would rather have us get sick than waste a couple of bucks.
Food was pretty good, however the service was a problem. We were seated right away but then waited for an interminable period with no one coming to our table. Some other tables that came in after us were waited upon promptly. After a while it got so bad that I got up and asked the hostess what was up with this. She ended up waiting on us herself but didn't seem real happy about it. In the meantime the rest of the waitstaff continued their erratic and distant behavior. To top it all off after I visited this restaurant someone used the credit card info to order $600 worth of coffeemakers. I'm thinking there was a connection.
The residential apartments above Maharani have serious cockroach problems.
Great food.  Buffet seems bigger than the one at Maharajah.  Problem...... A cockroach ran up the wall behind my wife.   Waiter killed it.  No manager stopped by.  Needless to say we paid for our meal.  We never went back.  A shame too.   We really liked the food!
Do I really have to give them a whole star?  My husband says yes, and that at least the food wasn't moldy.   Lacking was this restaurant's calling card for a one time visit.  The food was solidly mediocre.  The decor was pedestrian.  But the service, oh the service, earned a tails-up penny.  Awful, just awful.  Our Server failed to address an empty soda glass, did not offer additional Naan, and reopened the blinds after we shut them to block the bright sun.  We did not find chewed gum or stones in our food, so at least we can't complain that they were actively trying to kill us.  All that being said, the mold would have added more character.
I've been here twice. It seems both times, they had the same items in the buffet. Service was poor - none of the wait staff say anything to you until you pay the bill. We were seated by the window and a neon sign that was making a loud noise and smelled like it was burning or going to catch fire. The food was ok - the samosas were subpar, Maharaja on the West side seems to have the best tasting food and the most options for vegans/vegetarians.
No offense but I have to say a big no-no to this place. I once wrote the review but was filtered by Yelp. But hey, I have to say the truth - at least from my end. I didn't want to waste my time writing for them. It was a very bad experience. The service was bad and I can find a better place for the taste.  I actually hate to write a bad review, but well, I have to say what I've to say. Hubby and I decided not to give it another shot.
there is water leaking unhygienic food.
I used to go to this restaurant often and enjoyed the jovial very friendly staff and reasonably good (sometimes very good) food in the buffet. Now I had not been there for a while, but went for lunch buffet today- with a guest, unfortunately.   There seems to have been a change in ownership and/or staff. The demeanor of the new staff was very sour. Especially the woman who works there looked like it would be very painful for her to crack a smile or utter a friendly or welcoming word. The men floated around like shadows- forget about any personal touch. I felt very uncomfortable.  For the food-- I used to love the Rasam soup. Now it was more like a super salty brine. There also were really no vegetables-- the only choice was a mushy broccoli/potato mush. Broccoli is not even a real Indian vegetable. The grilled fish was reasonably good, as was the biryani (hence two stars).   Finally, the restaurant no longer offers free parking, as they used to in the adjacent garage. One now has to search for paid street parking, making it much harder to eat here.  So- if you ate here before and liked it-- be warned on all accounts. There are better Indian food options in the Madison area, e.g. Taste of India on Monroe Street, and Swagat in Middleton- both of which also have convenient parking.
The worst restaurant service I've had in my life. The waiters are actively hostile, the way hardened French waiters can be, without the charm of being in Paris. The food wasn't very good, at that. Zero percent tip. Two people on a not-very-busy night, and it took as long as a James Cameron movie. Ugh.
One star just because the food is good. Be prepared to wait 2 hours to see a waiter. The manager is also incompetent and a horrible at customer service. We had to ask waiters to bring things like water before finally debating on leaving without paying after no one gave us our check. Ended up paying the manager directly and storming off after a terrible dinner. At least the food was good...
Do not order delivery from here. We were told it would take 45 minutes. After an hour we called and they said the driver had already left and would be five to ten more minutes. Twenty minutes later we called back and were told the same thing. The driver finally showed up an hour and 40 minutes after we placed the order, and were lied to out right twice. We live 10 minutes from the restaurant.   The reason I gave it two instead of one star is because the food is tasty.
After hearing so many positive reviews of the place, we were shocked by our experience. The place is very beautiful inside (the fabric napkins and glasses give it a fancy touch). The service was great and the food is authentic.   The con: Right after we ordered our appetizer and main entrees, we saw a mouse crawl in and out of the heater at the bottom of the floor. We gently got the waiter's attention who was just as shocked as us that a little vermin had appeared. The little mouse jumped onto a chair and crawled around a table for a few minutes before the ?manager? took control of the situation by spraying what I assume was a highly toxic chemical (it definitely wasn't just bleach) into the space between the floor board and the wall where the little creature had hid. I about lost it at that point bc you could hear the little rodent screaming in pain.   The manager was extremely apologetic and humiliated by the entire ordeal. He have us all of our food for free however I still refuse to get close to any Indian restaurants.   This took place in the middle of summer, in the early afternoon- not during the winter months where rodents are forced to look for food and shelter indoors!
I really wanted to give this place at least a 4 star rating, but unfortunately the food is just not that good, it was rather disappointing.   I've been here before and it was quite good. But this time I don't know what happened.  My boyfriend, roommate, and I ordered a super gyro, fried chicken with fries, hummus, cheese cake, and Greek salad.   The sauce that came with the gyro had almost no taste at all, and the texture was like water. The meat was extremely salty, it seems like its covering up some flavor that I'm not able to identify. Fried chicken is also too salty, where we can't even finish the 2nd piece. Greek salad was the only dish that I would've gave a 3.5 star. The hummus was awful. It smelled like neem oil, and tasted like cardboard. And last thing we touched was the cheese cake. I don't know if anyone had ever ordered cheese cake from this place, but from the look of it, I think we are the first and maybe the last to order that. It was chalky and the top layer was almost hard.  I really liked this place. But I think it has been slacking and needs more of that TLC. I live just around the corner from Fremont street and I want the cafes and restaurants around the area to be great. So I hope the owner would see this review and take this as a constructive criticism to better its food to a 5 star quality!
I was looking forward to trying this place out after reading all the positive reviews.  I walked in today at 11am and waited at the counter for nearly 5 minutes for someone to acknowledge me, take my order etc.  There were a few people sitting around watching TV (not sure if they worked there)  and a few people in the kitchen who looked out at me.  I said hello?  And no one responded, came up to the counter etc.  The location is so crappy I honestly expected the service to be super friendly.  I was so wrong.  Some d-bag regular came in and barked his order over my shoulder while I was there and the kitchen and they didn't acknowledge him either.  I literally waited 5 minutes then shook my head and left, it was possibly the worst customer service i've ever seen in any place, ever.  I can't stand restaurants that are run like this.  I don't care how much i'm paying, $5 or $100 for a meal I refuse to put up with it.  If the people that were working and ignored me were the owners it's clear that they could care less about customer service.  If it's hired help, they should all be fired and replaced.  Take some pride in your restaurant!!!  I won't return here.
went there yesterday, i have never reviewed a restaurant but this one is so bad that i feel that i have to. i went here with my family and it was the worst excuse for middle eastern and pakistani food that i have ever seen. the owner is extremely rude, looks like he doesnt want to be there and isnt responsive to half the things that you say to him. we went around 4pm and there was not a single person in the shop other than the owner, then we sat down at the wobbly, sticky, and dirty tables and werent even offered menus or anything, we had to go up and get them from the counter. this would be fine if there was a large sign that had a list of all the foods they had to offer and what not (like at taco bell or something). i ordered the shrimp basket, it said that i would get 25 but i barely got 20 (i can forgive that) but none of the shrimp had been deveined, when i asked the owner if they forgot he said that they ordered the shrimp breaded and dumped them in the fryer. i couldnt eat them so they all went to waste and even when the owner saw that he did not apologize for it. then i ordered the falafel wrap, that was another thing that had been dumped in the fryer and put into a piece of bread. the whole thing was soggy and i was barely able to eat that. the rest of my family ordered kabob plates and the kabobs were over cooked, and the tiny portion of rice that cam with it was drenched in oil, probably so they would only have to cook rice once every 3 days. overall, dirty restaurant, soggy overcooked food, rude owner. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY HERE. probably good food if you are drunk or something. it might have been a good restaurant in the past, but not anymore.
Since this restaurant first opened, it has been a favorite around our house. The owner put a lot of effort into the food and was always in a funny mood.  Today (March 14, 2012), before leaving with an order, I learned that there is a new owner but am unsure if he was the surly man behind the counter. when we open the food at home, the falafel was burn't beyond edibility or recognition and the hummus tasted like chalky paste. Nothing on the plate was edible. It's so hard to count on good, affordable food in Las Vegas and this is the latest fatality in the downtown food scene. R.I.P.
I waiting on my two person order for 50 minutes after being quoted a 12 minute wait and the restaurant wasn't even that busy.  The guy next to me waited 45 minutes for a single order of HUMMUS.  I was on a tight schedule and the staff was rude.  Multiple people were waiting on orders and were getting mad.  Refunds were not being offered.  Ultimately the food was pretty good so I am reluctantly awarding 2 stars, but NOT worth the aggravation.
First off... I really wanted to like Kabob corner.  Based on the reviews I believed that I would.  Unfortunately, it just wasn't the case.  I ordered the super gyro and a side of falafel balls.  Pros: The meat is Halal (if that is a selling point for you) cut thick and is decently tasty.    Cons: The meat didn't have that awesome crispy edge that I look for with gyro meat. The yogurt sauce consistency was really thin and gooey.  Not very appetizing.  The flavor was unremarkable. I had very little tomato and lettuce and absolutely no onion to speak of either. Falafel,  Ehh....  flavor wasn't too bad, but they were served with the same sauce and were "doughy"  Finally, would I take a trip downtown just to go here? No.  If I was in the neighborhood would I stop by? No.  Too many better options for gyro (Kyklos) and falafel (Parsley).  And there are tons of other options downtown.  Better options can be found right on the same block.
Such a bummer. I remember ordering samosas from here by way of Downtown Cocktail Room and they were delicious. They were just as delicious tonight, however they were frozen in the middle! Not appetizing. Gordon Ramsey would be livid! Not sure if I'd come back here knowing that they're not fresh unless I had quite a few cocktails first from around the corner
My co-workers and I work downtown and we attempted to order a late lunch from Kabob Korner today, and let me just say I have never experienced such poor customer service in my life! I don't know who answered the phone but we were advised that they were out of hamburgers, hotdogs, philly cheese steaks, chicken fingers, basically everything on the menu. When politely asked what was available on the menu the gentleman advised that he didn't have time to go through the menu and became agitated. After attempting to explain that we were not trying to be complicated just attempting to place an order the gentleman stated "hurry up you are taking to much time and we have other people waiting to order!" Thank you but no thank you we will no longer be ordering lunch from this establishment.
Searching for a 'healthy' option for lunch led me to KK. Picked up a large Greek salad ($4.99) and an order of chicken boti ($7.99).   Wait, before I chat about the food, let's discuss the place...it's pretty narsty. Seriously, there are wilting posters of gyros on the wall. Poster of gyros? Excellent. Gross poster from 1970? Not something you want to find in a food establishment. When looking around (it took 15 min to make the boti) you can see the place is really long and the kitchen is large for what they put out. I think it's time for a remodel peeps. It should also be noted that the guy at the counter was messing around with his foot and the bottom of his sock (yep, he was in socks n sandals) before taking my order. I couldn't bear watching to see if he was handling my food, so I sat in the corner. Ignorance is bliss, no?   So I got my order and went home. The boti ended up consisting of 5 pieces of super awesome chicken and a truck load of rice. Damn that was good chicken! Tender, spicy, yum! But 5 pieces stinks for $8. It was like eating a rice salad with kabob on top. Lame. The large Greek was decent in size for the price, but the dressing lacked any sort of flavor. Kinda reminded me of Italian house dressing (gasp!).   This all being said, I'll be back. Def for a gyro and yes, maybe even for 5 delish pieces of chicken over a rice salad. Hold the sock grime. Actually, put it on the side.
My husband and I went for a late lunch and tried the chicken kabob wrap. We were not impressed. It really did not have a lot of flavor. It was really very wet and drippy. I needed at least 6 napkins, which thankfully are on the table. Maybe we ordered the wrong item. But, how can a place mess up a wrap? The place didn't seem very clean. The table was sticky.
I loved this place last time I came here , but this time they have a limited menu n the wait is more than 1 hour,  never gonna come back here again!
Fish and chips was good! The chicken fingers were okay, but dry. They gave tons of fries. No parking unless you look.   Be carful to look at the menu. The paper one, which is more convenient, has different prices then the wall. You will be charged more money if you don't pay attention.   Customer service was okay. Not welcoming but he did remember my name throughout experience.   Haven't tried gyros, which could be good!!
A friend of mine loves this place but he didn't really tell me what's there to love. We were walking around in DTLV and I got hungry after having a few drinks but I wasn't in the mood for pizza or burgers...I want something grilled. Kabobs!  This place is definitely a hole in the wall. It's not fancy. Heck, it's not even clean! The booth I sat on had a hole with a bit of tape on it. Fine, maybe the food will make up for it. The first time I attempted to eat here, they were closing in an hour and the guy at this place was driving people away. We got here around early dinner this time.  Beef Tika: Comes with rice and salad. Tender, juicy and tasty piece of grilled meat. There's hint of garlic. 4/5  Beef Kabob: Comes with rice and salad. It was alright. Nothing memorable. 3/5
The service is awful but besides that the owner has a very smart mouth on him and is very rude. If you show any concern he seems to want to punish you and say your order wi take 1 hour and make u wait. He is very inconsiderate and literally a smart mouth. He charges extra on the bill so make sure you check your biil. Food is nothing to brag about. And with his attitude not worth it all.
Honestly the food is good.  I have to give this review because the person behind the counter is staring at me while I eat and I can feel their hate for me coming off in waves.  I'm not sure why, but I'm positive he is imagining my death.   Also the table is really sticky.
under a new management.  Food quality and quantity went down. got pricey. No one to clean the sticky tables. so unhygienic  taste: No Good. wait time: 1hour  guys at the counter are staring and have no respect for the customers. better to find a new place.
Real talk, I just got out of the bathroom. I have an iron stomach and this place gave me issues. The sauce on my gyro was above room temp. The veggies on it were wilted and the tables were sticky. There was also an unusual smell in there. Almost like a sewage smell. Usually I give places a second chance to sway my review but I don't think I'll be going there again.
Owner is psycho but food is good. If you can ignore psychotic tendencies of the owner and mind your own business it's tolerable. But once again let me warn you, owner is a freak.
Even with the somewhat limited Indian options in Madison, there are MANY other places in town that serve better food.    We went to the weekend buffet.  Selection was limited but more importantly the food was BLAND, REALLY BLAND.  How Indian food can be bland is beyond me.    The food was also only lukewarm.  By the time we got to our table everything was borderline cold.  While the service was acceptable you have better options for Indian in Madison.  Go elsewhere for good food.    The weekend buffet at Maharaja on Odana, while not perfect, is a much better choice.  PS  To 'Sarah H', to live in NYC for 7 years and to not have Indian better than this is almost impossible.
The first thing that struck us is how cocky this young waiter was.He was probably thinking "WE AT SWAGAT ARE THE BOMB!!". Son, I just moved here from the San Francisco bay area.I know and cook Indian food and trust me you are NOT the bomb.Far from it. Food was OK.Nothing exceptional and definitely not what the reviewers here are going ga ga about but that is personal choice.We tried the chicken tikka and the vindaloo which was flavorful but definitely not worth the price we were paying. Quantities were not adequate for the amount we were paying.Is Indian food really that expensive here in Madison? The prices here are ridiculously overpriced for Indian food and every single Indian restaurant has the same price range for all dishes which would make me believe that they have some sort of Indian restaurant owners union that decides on what the prices are going to be!! Another thing that irks me is the inclusion of south Indian food along with your Rogan Josh menu which raised a big flag for us regarding the quality of the food. No serious Indian restaurant owner would EVER include a idli sambar dosa on a menu that has Rogan Josh or biryani on it.PERIOD! Just looking at the quantity of dishes on the menu and we knew this was going to be your below average Indian fare.Definitely not coming back here.Unless of course the prices go down..way down.
Had carry-out once from Swagat. I may not be an expert on Indian curries, and I'm not usually one to criticize strongly, but I have ordered my fair share of saag paneer (favorite dish). In a word, bland...not that it wasn't spicy, but simply that it had basically no flavor. Bland enough that although Swagat is just down the road I have yet to be tempted to order a second dish. May try their lunch buffet someday to sample a range of their dishes, but until then, I'm underwhelmed...
My family came in for the lunch buffet and it was literally the worst service in the world. After we finished eating we decided to sit and settle our stomachs before we left and literally not even a couple minutes later one of the waiters came up to us and said, " Aren't you ready to leave yet? We have people waiting so we need you to leave so we can clean the table."   Are you kidding me?! SERIOUSLY!? That was more than rude, that was unacceptable! I get that you're busy, but to push us out like that? We just finished eating! I guess all they really care about is the money, not the customers satisfaction.  Never coming back.
Tried this place once, small lunch buffet - really small - the vegetarian items were really salty. Service was ok, probably never coming back as there are better places to eat than here.
I am an Indian and I love Indo-chinese food. Was excited to see manchurian on the menu Worst Manchurian you can have!! The uttapam was very sour too! Had some chaat which was okay. I told the waiter that the manchurian was really bad and he did nothing about it. Do not recommend :/
Eh.... 2.5 stars, maybe? 3? Not sure, yet.  After looking at the menu online, I really wanted to like this place. The menu has some creativity to it, unlike the template-North-Indian-restaurant-menus you find at many of the Indian restaurants in the Valley. Aside from offering things like korma, kadai, vindaloo, etc. with a variety of options (chicken, lamb, paneer, shrimp or fish for each) they also have some other more unusual choices, like one of my favorite dishes, mattar malai methi (creamy fenugreek and peas). And dahi vada in the appetizers... I couldn't wait to check it out. Unfortunately, three friends and I went at lunchtime on a Saturday - and there was a buffet. So I didn't get to try any of those tempting dishes.  The restaurant itself, while  decorated a little haphazardly (Chinese paintings?) is bright and clean. There's a TV on a wall, which happened to be playing one of my favorite Bollywood movies...so I was still excited about the place.  But...after tasting the food...meh.  The buffet was all right.. but nothing to write home about. Pluses? Once again, it had something different..fish curry as well as an Indian-style Chinese dish or two. So that was cool. But the food was just so-so. I was there fwith three other people - one of them said the cuts of meat, especially the chicken, were of higher quality than most Indian buffets. But he didn't like the sauces so much. One other friend said he liked the tikka masala, but that was about it. As for the vegetarians, well, we didn't have a lot of choices. Veggie manchurian (which was pretty good), a very bland chana masala and some pea/carrot thing that reminded me more of baby food than anything else. The dessert was just all right, too. And the rice was very bland.  So, overall, I wasn't impressed. But I don't want to judge the place too harshly based just on the buffet. After all, Curry House was packed on a Saturday afternoon, so I'm thinking maybe it's got something better to offer me.. I'll have to go back for dinner and see what their non-buffet selections taste like before I totally write this place off my list.
The sad thing about reviews of Phoenix Indian restaurants are made by non-Indians and others who have no real experience with Indian food. The reviews of Curry Leaf are an example of that.  This is not a restaurant by any means.  This is fast food Indian.  The food was bland and tasteless.  I'm Indian so I know what I'm talking about.  I ordered a Chicken Tikka Masala "wrap"  The chicken was dry and had little sauce. It was also expensive.  It was made by some Auntie who has no experience cooking; she is not a professional cook.    I hate to write this review because the people were nice and it's in a nice convenient location but I was very disappointed.  It really looked as if a couple quit their jobs and decided to open an eatery.  It was very cheap looking and they charged a lot of money for very subpar food. I know we need more Indian restaurants/eateries in the Phoenix area but at the same time we should have standards. This place would clearly not be in business in a city with several quality Indian restaurants like Dallas, Houston, NY, Chicago, LA and SF have.
I felt so tricked after trying this place out. I read about it on azcentral.com and decided to give it a try since it got rave reviews. I was super eager because it is actually on my side of town for once. There are practically no Indian eateries in Chandler. My friend and I arrived on a Friday night. The first thing that greeted us upon our entering? A table of about eight monks, all decked out like the ones you see in Chinese action movies, silent around a table, I kid you not. When we walked in, they all craned their heads to look at us. . . unblinking. I wondered if it was some kind of aesthetic effect the owners were going for.  Add to that creepiness was the fact that no one else was in the restaurant. . .on a FRIDAY night. I didn't see any staffers walking around. We were at this point VERY uncomfortable and were actually backing out the door when a woman emerged from the back. She caught us--we were trapped. So we took a table. I ordered a chicken marsala dish and my friend only ordered their dessert because their prices were ridiculously high. When our orders came out, I was kinda shocked at how small the portions were, considering what they wanted us to pay. So I eagerly dug into my meal--and almost spit the chicken out. It was mushy and tasteless. The sauce seem to consist of water and hmmm, let's see, more water?  It was such a disappointing experience I haven't been back since. The only plus? The owner was really nice and pleasant. I just kinda suspect that they have a Korean person back there attempting Indian cuisine.
Is this restaurant now closed? I tried to call in an order tonight and the line has been disconnected. I tried the number on yelp, their website and google.
Do NOT go here!  It used to be Taste of India or something like that.  I went out of my way on a weekly basis to go there.  Until just last weekend.  Ugh.  The pakoori were plain old fried veggies.  The Chicken Tikka Masala had chunks of...something white.  The chicken itself seemed ok (how can you screw up tandoori???) but I will never, EVER go there agin! NE corner 32nd St and Greenway. *sigh*
I fully agree with Amy D. --- this place SUCKS!!! Definitely the worst Indian restaurant in the valley and perhaps the states.
I'm suprised this place is still in business. This place used to be "India Palace."  The owners relocated to a brand new establishment at 35th and Bell which has a much nicer ambience.  The owners then decided to make this old location "Zest of India" which was supposed to be their cute way of offering a variety of styles (north and south) indian food. Instead, this place has become a joke. It's a mediocre cheap Indian restaurant.  I'm honestly suprised this place is still in business. Hey, when the non-Indians are ripping on this place, you know it's bad.
The Guru Palace is a great place to take to impress a date, if your date is easily impressed by a $20.00, a rose on your table, and run of the mill Indian food.  My date, is generally not impressed by that kind of stuff, but most of the time we go dutch on the bill, and why pay $20.00 for food you can get cheaper somewhere else.  It's an al a carte restaurant.  You want rice, bread, garnish, you'll have to buy it separately.  The food is tasty, but it's not head and shoulders above the other Indian restaurants in the Valley.  I suspect that a lot of what you pay for is the ambiance.  The place has great ambiance; I mean there is a single red rose on every table.  There's even a little side area where you can sit at what I assume is a low to the ground traditional Indian dining table with lots of pillows.
After visting this place it is clear that all the reviews you see above are FAKE!!Read the reviews closely and you will see that the construction and grammer of the sentences are all the same. Infact you can go to the website of gurupalace and you will see that a full page is devoted to giving the links of these reviews!!I i know exactly what GOOD INDIAN FOOD is all about and this place is no where near even AVERAGE. You get dozens of places of this class in and around Arizona. The garlic naan which is described in every review is absolute nonsense. You cannot even get a whiff of garlic. And some of them are like PAPADS! The malai kofta was extremely irregular. While the first serving I had was bland, the next serving was very salty.The price is qouted at 8.99 and this is nothing great or no big deal. Every indian buffet in Arizona will cost you the same. And there was no masala chai as they advertise!!The waitresses are extremely useless and there were times they would just throw up. And to top it all, they make you pay the bill by asking you to walk up to the counter !! Again there is nothing so authentic of the look and feel of the place. Just plain .I could also see some non Indians making a point to the owners that the food was not authentic indian fare but the owner was adamant that his food was equisite!!Anyway who wants to argue?Just avoid this place.The table was also not cleared regularly and there were not enough plates also.On top of all this, people like me and you get fooled by the great reviews posted on this site and there is always a mad rush here but I can assure you that all those people who form the rush at this place are first timers like me who will never return again.
Simply aweful!  The place had bugs.  Their food made me sick!
I was disappointed, the food is just too bland!  My husband and I ordered a variety of food to get an idea of there food spectrum: Garlic Chicken Kabob, Lamb Vindaloo, Palak Paneer, Garlic Naan, Gulab Jamun, and Rass Malai.  The only positives I saw was that the meat was cooked well...that's it! The sauces for each dish lacked flavor and spice. My husband even requested Indian spicy and it wasn't even spicy...it tasted like a mild. The Garlic Naan was decent.  At this point we were going to give it a 3...barely! Then the desserts came...  The gulab jamun was firm and frozen and it seemed like they added extra butter/ghee to the syrup. The Rass Malai was too thick and creamy, it seemly like it was soaked in heavy cream, which messed up the texture of the paneer. And after we saw the bill, their score plummeted to 2.   It was not worth it. So many of my classmates have gushed about how great the food is, but I realized, they probably dont know any better. I grew up near Little India around LA where good Indian food was no hard to find, so I could just be spoiled.
$60+Tip for some of the most mediocre Indian food I have ever put in my face.  I was initially going to give this place a two star rating but the longer I thought about it (and the better, cheaper food I had elsewhere: six bucks at Mike's Big Breakfast comes to mind as does the $20 we spent at Joe's Farm Grill) the more pissed off I became. At Joe's Farm Grill we ate food that provided about triple the amount of pleasure for a third of the cost and we got to do it in a very pretty part of Chandler.   Sheetal R. Already gave an excellent rundown of what we ate and what was good and what meh so I won't repeat that here.   The food here is not terrible but the cost is so disproportionate to the quality of the food that I cannot in good conscience recommend it to anyone. $60 for two people should buy you FANTASTIC food not barely mediocre food.
I have come to Guru Palace a couple times for lunch/brunch.  I think the food may be good for people who do not like much spices, but the buffet is very bland.  I have had friends who have tried the food for dinner, and they don't have much better results.  The one positive in the meal is the garlic naan.  If I can order that and cook my own curry or get it from another Indian establishment, that would be the ideal situation.
Wow, what a disappointment. I feel bad for those of you that rate this place highly, you really need to try some good Indian.   I didn't think it was possible to have bland Indian food but boy did this place prove me wrong. I stopped in for the lunch buffet based on a foursquare tip that the place was voted Best Indian in the New Times. I'm not sure who was doing the voting or the tallying, but I have to think it was a big mistake... or it was fixed.   I tried a couple of bites of almost everything on the lunch buffet, 4 or 5 different veggie options (I tried every veggie option they had) and 2 different chicken dishes (Tika Masala and Curry). All dishes except 1 (one of the veggie options, I don't remember which) was bland and needed salt. Mind you, I've NEVER once before used salt at an Indian restaurant. Here, everything needed it.   The only saving grace for this place was the garlic naan and the desserts - the minced carrots with sugar and cheese was tasty and different.   The service was less than mediocre - had to ask for my drink twice and the bill twice.   Safe to say that I will NOT be returning.
The lunch buffet is a little over priced for me... Both times I went the food items I wanted were either gone or nearly so and not replaced while I was there. As for the food there is much better fare to be had even buffet (and I hear the by the order rather than the buffet is better). Overall a slight disappointment.
Cold and Dry food on a buffet. Really people? C'mon.
I went here during the week for lunch with my 3 year old daughter. I asked them for a booster seat and they came out with a DISGUSTING high chair. They put it down and  I went to put my daughter in it and a ROACH went scurrying from the seat and down the leg of the high chair!!!!! I almost lost it. I always used to eat here and it's just not good anymore. Also the buffet is not even warm by the time you sit to the table with your food. I will definitely not be coming back though. The COCKROACH was the final straw. If that crawled on my daughter while eating out I am sure my baby would never wanna go out to eat again. It would have traumatized her. It sure did me.
i like their chicken biryani. That's the only + thing. Their Shahi paneer didn't have any salt in it. Last time when i visited this place during dinner, the water they served me had a hair in it. The server didn't had the courtesy of apologizing. Plus i didn't find the staff to be very courteous.
We had the lunch buffet today and it was delicious. The restaurant was sweltering, probably in the mid to high eighties when we entered. We asked them to please turn the air conditioning on. We were seated and said hello to a male server who did not acknowledge or answer. We got glasses of water and a basket of garlic naan and there was no service after that. That server, he may be a manager, never came near our table again until we had finished when he came by and threw the bill on the table and never said a word. We wanted some more naan and the male server had baskets that he was giving to other patrons but never offered to us. I was even waving to him that we would like some more naan but we never got any. I know the owners of this restaurant. The food servers do not get to keep tips. The tips are rung up and put in the cash register, and the servers are simply paid a higher hourly wage. This is not a good system for good customer service. We will give Guru Palace a little break for the rest of the summer and go back in the fall when hopefully this food server has moved on to some other job.  The food is delicious but I am not going to be treated like a piece of dirt by a surly busboy/waiter.
All I wanted was a take away...when they did eventually answer the phone I was told, "One minute while I get a pen" I hung up after 5.   I order and then go to collect it. I have learned over the years to check the contents and behold, it was wrong. They argued that my order was correct...I eventually got what I wanted, but I had to wait 15 minutes..And then the food was only mediocre...
This is a good place if you are looking for North Indian food. But if you are looking for Dosa, Chapati etc this is not the place.
Alert... Alert.... Alert.... Boowee...Boowee...Booweee. Something has happened! Something has happened!  I have never seen any place take a dive this fast and this is coming from a man has seen The Hunt for Red October a million-zillion times.  So I was cooling out, maxin and relaxin and I thought "I am going to go and get my Aroma's on".   I rolled up, check my shades and entered the establishment. The sweet and mousy waitress from my first few visits was there and I knew something was up from the moment that I walked in.  She had the thousand yard stare, she looked right through me.  Since my last visit she must have seen things that would ruin even the most hardened of people.  McCain, that pussy, he ain't got shit on this girl. She knows pain. What could have happened?  She took my order and charged my card.  Then I waited, and I waited some more. Then just when I thought that I was done waiting, I waited some more. It took a full thirty minutes to get my takeout order.  I would have said something. But what do you say to someone who is clearly on the edge?  My food finally comes. I leave. I get home. I put on the Daily Show. I open the container.   My chicken curry contains exactly 3 pieces of chicken.    Monkey Balls!  What?  It took them 30 minutes to cook 3 chicken nuggets in a Curry Sauce?   Dive! Dive! Dive!  Then I ate the little tiny pieces of meat. I realized then that they were mostly bone and not a big bone that you could actually separate the meat from.  It almost seemed as if they actually cracked chicken bones up into splinters and then jammed them into the meat.  It was like an Indian version of the ol' razor in the apple trick. I took a bite and chewed and right before I swallowed I felt the knife like bone get stuck in my throat. I panicked, "Oh no! Chicken bones are bad for dogs, Therefore, they must be horrible for humans!" I start to really panic. I cough, I drink, I swallow,  and I jam my fingers down my throat.  This is how I am going to die, watching The Daily Show and choking to death on a chicken bone.  I soon regained my composure and got over the chicken bone. I managed to choke it down, literaly.  It  is currently making its way through my digestive system, and I  hope no update will follow.    Just then the sweats hit me.  This food hit my gut and made it feel like a bunch of hippies had eaten the brown acid and then were dancing around in my stomach and on top of my soul.   I truly felt horrible. I curled up in bed and attempted to sleep on the evil that had invade my body.  The good news is that I lived to write this review.  The bad news is that there is a rogue chicken bone lose inside my body.  Aroma's what happened? You used to be so good.  You used to make me happy on the inside.  I fear you are in your death throws.  I wonder what little restaurant you will become next.
The food was at best mediocre and the service was slow even though it was completely empty.  Not recommended.  Masala Bay on Regina and Erb has much better Indian food.
This was the worst Indian food I've ever tried in Canada. I went there for their buffet and it was absolutely horrible. Everything was bland and you can tell they reuse their old chicken in their curries. The best Indian restaurant in the KW area is definitely Empress of India. Avoid Masala Bay as they reuse old food.
Not bad, if you're looking for a quick Indian food fix. It's a buffet, with all regulars. The saag paneer wasn't bad, just very little cheese, and the butter chicken was decent. The goat curry seemed like it had a lot of bones in it, but my coworker enjoyed it. The server was good, and very polite. If I was staying at the Hampton inn and had to rush through dinner I'd go back, but I'd pass otherwise.
The Kings Balti should be a great 4 or 5 star restaurant.  The food is wonderful, especially the tandoori lamb, which is my favourate as it is cooked traditionally and always beautifully tasty. The restaurant itself is nice and modern, with an open plan kitchen and extensivly supplied bar. All of this is reasonably priced and of good quality.  However, and this is a big one, the service is terrible. Enough to put me off going back ever again I am afraid. Staff are rude, slow and incompetant. No help was offered to us at all for the first 25 mins of our visit, as though we had simply been forgotten about. When we were remembered, the waiter took our drinks orders, which today we are still waiting for as our first round never arrived. The service from that point remained shocking - and as a result, our meal was ruined.  Its such a shame as the food was great, even if i did have a bitter taste in my mouth.
This place looks the business but it's a shame about the service. Like Johnathan, I had to sit and wait at least 15 minutes to get our drinks. When I did decided on what I wanted, my chicken came out stone cold, and looked a little pink.  I kindly informed the waiter that I didn't order the food poisoning and he took it back and got me a new one (which was still cold, but not pink). Very sketchy...
Disappointing, disappointing, disappointing.   We had a groupon for here and I was super excited to visit - and we made this our pre-anniversary anniversary dinner (alright so I confused the dates, but what of it? Girls forget too!) after an initial failure to book a table last week, with the restaurant being fully booked. Even on a Tuesday night, we couldn't book prior to 8pm. Wow, this is a popular place, I thought!  So we turned up, starving and excited, on a wet and miserable night to a near-empty restaurant. I could see that multiple tables had the Thali experience menu on the table and realised that the restaurant wasn't fully booked per se, but clearly they were limiting what time and when groupon vouchers could be used. Hmmm. Fine.   The thali menu itself was six choices - if you were vegetarian, you had to like paneer, as there was no other choice, although there were four options to choose from (from memory) - Sukutha (my choice), spinach sensation, tikka or something else - essentially a sauce with the meat of your choice (or cheese). Other options were butter chicken or a lamb dish. Side dishes that came with the thali were not explained and bread wasn't included unlike some other places I have visited.   So once we had time to order, we waited for our half pint of Cobra to appear. And waited. In the meantime, more thali couples arrived, and were served. We continued to wait, the scowls on our faces getting deeper. Eventually we were handed our drinks and finally served - it had been a good fifteen minutes or longer since we arrived before anyone came close to our table.   So we ordered a vegetarian haggis fritter to share as a starter (pleasant) and some bread to go with the thali. Time passed. My hair turned a little more grey. The starter arrived and was devoured. I finished my Cobra. I finished the boy's Cobra. We continued to wait. Just to note - we arrived at 7:45. We were served our main after 9pm. Now, that would be fine if this was freshly cooked, but clearly each dish came from a larger vat of food, so why it took so long to deliver, I have no idea. We didn't get asked how our food was, and no more drinks were given. Other tables looked equally forlorn. One waiter seemed to be serving the entire restaurant, with another serving starters only.   We made our own way to the till to pay thirsty and annoyed, opting not to wait another 30mins for signs of attention. As the boy paid, the waiter asked if we enjoyed our meal - I had to walk out before spewing forth a volume of expletives about how much I had not enjoyed the experience of dining at Suruchi Too. I can't even tell you if I liked the meal, I was so irritated by the experience and moreso we'd come here to celebrate something that ended up being a letdown for us.
Suruchi Too in Leith, which was one of my highest rated Indian restaurants in Edinburgh has dropped massively in my estimation which is a great disappointment.   The usual smoky aubergine was too sweet, the paneer was still good but the portion size had been massively reduced and the spinach which used to be fantastic was a flavourless mess.  Very mediocre, but the worst thing was that the naan bread was obviously from a packet.
Was here last week with a pal, and it was rubbish.  Each dish was served with some very nasty looking "fresh" coriander leaves, and didn't provide much taste except hotness.   My naan was burnt, the rice was dry and tasteless, my friend's chipatti was just floury nonsense.   Don't bother coming here.
Went into an empty restaurant and asked for a table near the window. Was told nope! You can only sit inthe corner! - it was an empty restaurant at 9.45pm on a friggin Monday! - I walked out, if the service is that bad, I didn't want to try the food!
Really not great. I would probably go as to far to say the worst Indian restaurant I have ever eaten at, and I have been to some truly horrendous ones!   I came here last month with a couple of friends, against our better judgement as it was completely empty at about 7 in the evening, but we still dined here. The food was really not tasty, I had onion bhaji's to start which were dry and tasteless, and my friends had a selection of kebabs which they said were chewy, and they really looked unappealing. The curries were equally awful. I had the chicken bhuna, which had a super watery sauce, and the chicken was really chewy and stringy, and there was a layer of oil on the whole thing making it taste rank to be honest. The rice was also over cooked and was pretty soggy. To their credit though, the nan bread was tasty was was the best part of the meal - but it would be pretty difficult to mess that up!   The meal was really expensive too, with two courses coming to about 17 - really not worth it. I found the staff rude and unhelpful, and overall had a pretty nasty experience. Don't be fooled - just because a restaurant is on the Royal Mile does not mean it is good, I learnt the hard way!
Nothing wrong with this restaurant but nothing amazing either. It's in a key location for festival frivolities so ideal for a quick fill if you are crowd dodging. Portion sizes are adequate and the Saag chicken as described in the menu. The August squeeze is on in here with tables close together and the spiced heat from the kitchen never too far away. Pappadoms were half forced into our menu before a curry choice had been made, however an array of four pickles to go with, were half worth the 2 charged for them. Sparkling water was dear, as was most of the drinks menu. For answering the 'where can we get a curry around here?' question, Saffrani will be a quick fix, a stones throw away from a majority of venues.
Sounds like the previous review was written by the owner, 5 star this is not.   On my way home from work the other day, I picked up the Culcutta (don't know if it was intentionally misspelled) Prawn Palak, which according to the menu, was "Steamed cooked prawns with fresh spinach, garnished with a touch of garlic and fresh coriander".  In reality, I got a big brown mess.  It just tastes of brown, and I know that's not very helpful in reviewing terms, but I'm trying to make a little word picture here. All the flavor died somewhere in the cooking process and was replaced by blank mush.   When i did finally excavate a prawn from the mess, it was in no shape to be eaten. It practically disintegrated in my mouth.   What's stopping this place from getting a 1 star is the rice, it was surprisingly good.
Ahhh... sooo much opportunity... the only Indian food in Henderson area!  They could make a killing!  We've waited so long!  So disappointed!  I stopped by earlier in the day to review the menu since I was in the area, and happily found they had pani poori and chaat and other non-standard fare - pretty much the only nice, sit-down restaurant in all of Las Vegas that serves Pani Poori AFAIK.. but I digress.    Well I convinced my SO to go down there and give them a shot.  We get seated and order some chaat - which was OK but not as good as I remember it.   Fine.  We tried to order the Samosas too (like the first review) but they were still out... after 3 days?  Indian restaurant with no samosas?  Its like peanut butter and no jelly!   Turner and no Hooch!   Ahh... let's move on.  We also ordered a full dish of Tandoori Chicken and Chicken Tikka Masala curry.   The food comes out relatively fast - but we had the same problem as the first reviewer - the curry had no curry!  Normally the complaint is too much sauce, no meat.  This was all meat, onions and peppers, and a tiny bit of curry.  That would have been OK, but the meat was... tough?    Tough, over cooked meat?  I can't even remember the last time I ever had overcooked chicken in a restaurant.  Maybe at some backyard BBQ when they forgot to check on it after 30 minutes, but not in a restaurant!  Not for a $15 dish!!  Dry, tough chicken, yuck.  The full dish of Tandoori Chicken for $15 is big.  SO BIG, it barely fits on the serving plate.  That's cool and all, but I'm making a mess just trying to get food off the plate.  Plus, the Tandoori is DRY TOO!  WTF!!  It's supposed to be succulent and appetizing and yummy.  Instead we're both depressed and barely touch either dish.  We get it to go for lunch tomorrow.    I wake up the next day and what do I find my SO doing?  Cooking lunch.  She wont even take this stuff to work.  She'd rather spend 2 hours cooking something than eat that meal.  *sigh*.  Such high hopes!  Sorry Taza.  Please, learn how to cook the chicken?  Is that too much to ask?
** Lunch Buffet Review **  i went here for lunch probably 2 months after they opened.  I had high hopes based upon the menu--a lot of good non-standard Indian food...  but the food was just OK.  I hate to judge a place by its buffet...    Service was good.  The folks were friendly... but the food just wasn't what I was expecting taste wise.  Their curries needed salt.
I went here with a couple of friends on a Monday night. We were greeted by a gracious hostess and immediately seated in a large booth. The atmosphere was great, and the restaurant was quiet. Then we opened the menu. Everything seemed rather expensive, but we still ordered, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Curry, and Lamb Curry, all with sides of Saffron Rice (not included in the price by the way) and Naan. The portions were small, especially for what we paid. Also we noticed that the chicken dishes were VERY salty. The Lamb was overcooked, but it was probably microwaved since we got there towards the closing. We won't be going back here, and continue our search for a decent Indian place in Las Vegas
I just got back from London last week and have been craving Indian food ever since i got back after eating it every other day while there. I came across Taza on Eastern and saw they had a  lunch buffet and gave it a shot. The service is great and the decor is nice as well. Do like the very BIG flat screen they have too. There are a lot of choices for the lunch buffet and it is a good deal for your $ but the food was very dry and not very tasty. The best thing i had there was the naan and soup. Looks like i will have to wait until i go back to London to get some quality Indian
Taza Indian Kitchen is currently closed for business.
located in the old "vegas diner" sometimes mistaken for a 5 & diner.like there's not already enough indian places barely surviving, and there's a reason the last place went out of business. it's right next door to the hash house a go-go .i wanna know who does the planning for picking the locations? do they not do any research?
if i could rate this purely on taste, they would have gotten 4 or 5.   i ordered the tandori and samosa. taste was good but it was very expensive and didnt come with anything but the entree. IT HAD NO RICE OR NAN ORANYTHING! whatkind indian restaurant serves food without damn rice. a small side order of rice is 4.50. WTF?!   i came in with a friend and we were the only 2 people inside the ''diner."   truthfully honestly, the 2 owners watched us every second we were in there. they watched when we ate watched when we paid, watched every single fukn minute we were in there. very uncomfortable. stupid place. great taste
Given the multitudes of restaurants in Vegas,  it seems like a shame to not try something new each time. So I tried Bollywood Grill instead of sticking with the tried and true. Big mistake.  As others have mentioned, the service was very slow and unorganized. My server wrongly announced my dish as chicken masala when in fact I ordered a vegetarian meal.(Luckily the kitchen got the order right)  The food itself was nothing special. I had paneer makhani and the sauce was somewhat bland and they were stingy with the paneer.  But what made me vow never to return were the prices. Turns out rice and naan are extra, to the tune of $4 and $3. WTF? Since when is rice extra? So imagine my surprise when my $12 vegetarian entree came out to be $30! I'm surprised there wasn't a silverware rental fee as well!  From now on, I'm sticking with the Samosa Factory, tried, true and voted best in Vegas. What was I thinking?
Food is mediocre and the ambience isn't all that great. They do have a mix of North and South Indian ( typically Andhra ) food. The rates are on the higher side. Personally I didn't feel that I got value for my money .
I didn't really enjoy their food overall. The roti-like bread isn't bad. I do like their mango/yogurt drink and cheese dessert. The main meals just didn't taste good in my opinion. Maybe others have a different opinion. Service is nice and friendly though. Indian palace is better choice to me.
Where to begin...the service was sooooo slow. We almost left because they were taking forever to take our order and I wish we had.  Want rice with your entree? It's gonna cost you an extra 4 bucks! What's up with that? We're paying you $14 per entree, so just give us some damn rice! Want more water? It's best if you're a camel because it's not coming anytime soon. They see you but they pretend not to like it would be such a drag to come over to the table and actually work. I ordered the chicken vindaloo and I felt like such a vindaloozer waiting there for it  to come. What gets me about this place is their service is extremely poor yet they feel the need to nickel and dime you on everything. I'm surprised there weren't quarter machines on the restroom stalls, which by the way reeked like a Kentucky outhouse with no ventilation. To be fair the food was good but if you want to spend a fortune for crappy service and a feeling like you've been thoroughly ripped off, come to this place!
My wife and I were excited by an Indian place opening up on our side of the valley. Unfortunately the food isn't up to the standard of the better places in town.  The lunch buffet, one of the big selling points of Indian food for me, features some odd choices and they really let it run down in the last 90 minutes.  Bollywood is OK if you're really craving Indian and can't be bothered driving for a few minutes down Sahara to Mt Everest or one of the many other superior Indian restaurants that Vegas has on offer.
The food was good, but you get very little for your money.  It is over priced and service was nonexistent.  You pay $3.00 for soda, no refill, better yet you cant even get more water.  Cant say I would go back.
The food is very oily and unhealthy. The dessert was placed within the main meal at the buffet. The chef is very unkempt and frequently comes outside.
I had lunch today, and my instincts were right when I first walked in through the door. Unfortunately, I didn't listen to my instincts. 1. The two waiters were dressed in street clothing, and didn't speak a word of ENG. 2. I asked for a mango lassi and got  "nothing served through the course of my meal." 3. The tables had spoons and knives, but no forks. I think by now, I should have walked out the door, but wanted to try this place. Gee, what is wrong with me?   The food was tasteless, no salt, not flavor and diluted curries. by this I mean, additional water was added to the sauces and this process diluted the curries!!!! ( Wow!, cost control and quality control is definitely not part of their vocabulary here).The temp. was lukewarm and the quality of ingredients used were extremely poor. This is the first time I have ever had a bad meal at an Indian Restaurant, in the 20 yrs. tasting Las Vegas! PLEASE do not visit this place or you will end up with hear burn all day long, like I have. It's 11pm now and I am still feeling sick from my 1pm luncheon. Unless you have an enemy in your contact list, send them there. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE, even your worst enemy!
I tried the lunch buffet, most of the items were flavorless and lacked the north indian/ mughlai masala. I think they have a cook from South india which probably explains better south indian dishes. The atmosphere was good. The servers need to dress properly.
My family and I decided to give this place a try even though our instincts told us to leave before sitting down (only because there were no other customers there). However, we thought it just might be a slow time of day and so decided to go ahead and try it out. I ordered the chicken tikki masala (always a safe bet), and the rest of my family got the lunch buffet. Our waiter was extremely friendly and helpful, but unfortunately this didn't make up for the quality or flavor of the food. Everyone who ordered the buffet found it to be pretty.. questionable, shall we say? So-so flavor, and the foods were labeled incorrectly. I would rate my chicken tikki masala as "pretty good"-- not bad, but not the best I've had. However, the portion was extremely small for the $14 that it cost, and it didn't include rice. We left feeling disappointed and sorry that we had spent good money on food that only so-so overall. I might consider returning if the prices on the menu weren't so steep.
Most Indian restaurant managers don't want Indian customers to write reviews, it's like abusing inside information! That said, the baingan (eggplant) bharta and daal makhni at this place tasted like someone opened a Trader Joe's entree, the naan was way too chewy although flavorful, but the prawn masala was OK. The minuscule prints of Bollywood stars were dimly lit and unimpressive, and not a single dish was blessed by the star it was named for on a whim.  They had one TV with a Kareena Kapoor DVD playing; many places have two or three screens and don't mention Bollywood anywhere. Lighting was too dark, the waiter was friendly but unhelpful, and there were exactly six diners in the restaurant between 7 and 9 PM. It looked like an eerie movie set of an old black-and-white Sadhna mystery, minus the creaky door.   If you're only vaguely familiar with Indian food and indifferent towards Bollywood, read  the 3-star reviews and enjoy. But if you're not, go, and don't forget to write your own 1-star review of this pricey loser.  I gave it two stars because we didn't try the inexpensive South Indian dishes which are all vegetarian. Who knows, they just might be good!
Unfortunately the phone number is out of service.
We called them to make sure they were open & there phone was disconnected. So I am guessing this restaurant has closed down.
Not the best Indian restaurant around.  Based on two  visits for launch, I can confirm that this restaurant falling behind other Indian restaurants in town.  I went to launch buffet the owner was standing in front of the door an talking on his phone. I had to sit my self in one of the tables.  The service was so so the waiter brought me water and nan but he was a little slow to take the empty plates.  I also couldn't ignore the uncomfortable feeling that the owner and his wife were talking on the phone and to each other in the dining hall in front of their costumers. Other restaurants have offices or kitchens I hear.  The food wasn't look very fresh and the selection was minimal.  The food display need to be CHANGED, it has broken clear plastic over it that had been fixed with adhesive tape. The decor looks like a diner that had been transformed to this restaurant very dark inside. It also has a TV set that plays nonstop Indian movies.  All in all, I won't come back here anymore, there are better Indian restaurants in town.
Bollywood Sahara   I atmosphere was nice but not everything is what it seems.  As I walked into Bollywood on Sahara, I was pleased to see nice Indian flair throughout the restaurant I was greeted and sat at a table. I looked around and saw very nice pictures on the walls and nice booths and tables.  As I was waiting for my other half of my party to show up, I noticed that the temperature of the restaurant was a bit chilly and the man sitting in the front, who I assumed was the owner was wearing a coat. I was thinking I should have worn mine. My party arrived we started to look at the menu to make choices, only one problem, his menu was not in the same order as mine, it was confusing for my guest (who has never eaten Indian) to follow along with what I was explaining to him since our menu were so mixed up. After finally making our selection, we ordered and the appetizer came out fairly quickly. The selection was vegetable somosas, these were delicious and the waiter explained the two different choices of sauce to the both of us. My guest ordered the mixed grill and I ordered the vegetable biryani as main entrees. The food came out it was hot and looked nice. The mixed grill was very nice and tastey with two tandrooi pieces of chicken, tandrooi shrimp; sheek sausage and other spicy chicken pieces.  My vegetable biryani, however, was lacking flavor and heat, also the vegetable korma that came with the mixed grill was lacking excitement. I was disappointed about the lack of flavor since Indian food is my all time favorite meals to eat. I think the last thing that was disappointed in my visit was the waiter who clearly had not taken a shower in days. I did not say anything it was my guest who brought this point up to me.  You could still smell him after he walked by. This and a lack of flavor in the food and the cold atmosphere made this not the most pleasant experience for me and my guest. and surely not worth the $40.00 plus a tip bill.  Sorry Bollywood, catchy name but nothing to back the great time and food I thought I would have. Two thumbs down.
Not surprised that this place closed down. Mediocre food, small selection in their lunch buffet, and weak service equals dead restaurant walking on borrowed time. The only positive aspect of our visit was we met another Indian cuisine loving couple who we actually ended up sitting down with at the same table. They told us that their favorite Indian place was Mt. Everest, and wouldn't you know it, it has become one of our faves too!
Going to have to buck the Yelp trend a bit here and rate this one 2.5 stars overall.  Others have commented about the lack of ambiance here and I'll have to agree. The restaurant is very plain and we went our tablecloth was a bit dirty and there was a vaguely unpleasant smell in the air. The smell was probably just an unfortunate combination of spices and foods from the kitchen, but this could really do with being closed off from the serving area, not only to prevent a medley of odors, but so the diner isn't deafened by clattering of pots and pans and so on.  I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala, garlic naan, pappadums, the basmati rice, and water for my beverage.  Instead of the usual Indian restaurant theme of refreshingly iced water topped up the second I sip from my glass, I was surprised to be presented with a single bottle of Kroger water which I had to sip sparingly lest I have to shell out another dollar for another.  The pappadums were OK, but unremarkable, not unlike the pre-made ones you get from Indian grocers and then stick in the microwave for 45 seconds. Instead of the usual bowls of mint or cilantro chutney and tamarind chutney these came accompanied by a couple of roadhouse diner style squeeze bottles filled with some sort of condiments. Both were extremely runny, almost a water consistency, one seemed to taste vaguely of tamarind and I couldn't identify the other.  My Garlic naan was the highlight of my meal and had that certain mix of denseness and crispness that's the hallmark of a good garlic naan.  The rice was pretty good also, cooked with saffron and ghee and very plentiful for just a couple of bucks.  The main meal, my Chicken Tikka Masala was just ok - the chicken was of good quality and well cooked, but the sauce lacked a certain deft touch and was a little aggressive as the spices didn't all blend together quite how I like. I'd be very happy if I had cooked this up myself at home, but it's a notch below what I expect at a restaurant.  The people running this place were very friendly, but it was a rather odd experience. At around 8PM we were the only people in the restaurant and it was a little strange and awkward having the guy sitting there in the tiny restaurant 15 feet from us while we ate.   One thing in Shalimar's favour is the prices - they are very decent. We didn't hold back on breads and rice and things and our entire meal for two (including bottled water) came to just over $25.  This is the sort of place I could imagine myself coming to regularly for a cheap lunch if I worked in the area and was limited in where I could travel on my lunch break. The food is good enough and cheap enough to eat again. For a dinner out; however, the atmosphere here is little above that of a food court and the food is only a few points above mediocre.   Worth a look for the price, but go in with low expectations.
This was probably the worse experience I have ever had at a Pakistani/Indian restaurant. There was one person there running the front. He didn't speak English. We were lost for about an hour and I had to call him three or more times because I just did not understand a word he said. I only picked up 'food maxx' and went to two different ones until I found it.  Ordering was not any easier. We just werent able to communicate properly. The food wasn't bad but defiantly could have been better. There was no complementary chutney, tea or anything. we asked for some, it was brought to us and then when receiving the reciept we realized we were charged for literally everything. The guy even miscounted the tea and charged us more than we had. We had asked for some water. The guy told us to get it ourselves. My sister told him, he's the waiter, he's supposed to bring us water. He laughed and went inside and brought us water. The guy gave us a hard time with everything we asked for until we just got up and got it ourselves with things such as napkins. They even had items on their menu that they didn't have.It was just a bad experience all together. Definitely don't recommend it to anyone.
One word. REHEATED FOOD.   Oh thats 2 words.
Average Indian food. I've had a lot of Indian food and this is probably one of my weakest experiences ever.  This place is in a little strip mall in the Food 4 Less shopping center. The service was below average at best and I had to call a guy over a couple of times just to order and for the check. Other than that and the delivery of my order these guys never came back. They were out of chicken breast. I ordered the Korma which was decent but two legs with hardly any meat - it might as well have been a vegetarian dish.  Also, the prices are not that great. As I'm not from Vegas maybe this is inexpensive compared to others. $9.99 for dish, $3 for rice, $2.50 for garlic naan, $1 for bottle of water (not explained that it was additional charge - I just ordered water).   Upon leaving the host didn't even look up as i walked out. I visit Vegas frequently but can say that Shalimar will not be on a planned stop in the future.  There are many other good options.
Food was ok but service was not. Had to wait almost 10 minutes for someone to come take our order, even thou d restaurant was empty, only my family and one other couple in d restaurant. Once food was ordered, it took 30 mins for dinner and no one since came to check on us. They definitely need customer service update.
I couldn't tell if it's spices or bathroom smells (or both!), but they could use some better ventilation here. The restaurant is small and unassuming; decor/atmosphere simple and functional.  Had the Chicken Tikka Masala and Goat Karahi, with rice of course. The goat was overly tough by my standards, but the sauce was alright. The spices were clearly visible and had nice chunks of ginger in it. The Chicken Tikka Masala felt fairly standard, with the chicken being on the dry side.  Bottom line: Not the greatest, but works in a jiff if you're super hungry. Oh, if you order water, they'll give you bottled water. Specify if you want (free) iced water.
Food not spicy at all, horrible slow service, did not feel welcome at all, rude employee! overpriced, overall an experience no one should ever have!!
The food was terrible slow timing.Bad waitress also. This was the exact timing [2:43 coming time 4:57 leaving  time .
If you're vegetarian this place is not for you.   The food sucks.  I can make better veg byrani and paneer tikka masala at home.   I gave one star for naan roti.  Least they got that correct. I would not come here again.   I was expecting good food similar to Shalimar in northern California.
I haven't returned here in a while, mostly because the place seems empty all the time, and a lot of complaints seem to be about service lacking and the quality of food having gone downhill. It's a shame, because when we tried this place shortly after they opened, it was pretty good. I may try it again sometime in the future, but it's not high on my list of food things to do...  --  As a side note to Groupon? Don't link to my damned reviews and quote me without my permission. Just because it's posted on Yelp, doesn't give you free reign to copy and paste my words elsewhere.
It's never a good sign when you drive up to a business and the parking lot is empty. To be fair, it was 5:30 p.m. on Super Bowl Sunday, but still, this is an Indian/Pakistani restaurant, so you'd think the typical crowd might be more World Cup and less Big Game.  It's an even worse sign when you see vinyl lettering on the window of an Indian restaurant that reads "Salon de Fiestas." And sure enough, walking into Saffron for the first time, it doesn't feel at all like a cozy Indian restaurant. It feels like a banquet room. Only two booths, the rest of the expansive room filled with round-top banquet tables, chairs covered in plastic, a little stage in the corner. And COMPLETELY EMPTY.  An Indian restaurant should smell like, I dunno, Indian food when you walk in. This place didn't. It smelled like ... an old folks' home. Or something. Something not right. And it was dead quiet in there. Not even a TV or radio on.  There was one person visibly working in the entire place, a middle-aged woman who was helpful enough but not very friendly. You think she'd be thrilled to see even one person, let alone a couple, walk in. Not so. She kind of just gestured toward whatever table we wanted, dropped off menus, and disappeared. Didn't ask us for drinks or anything.  The menu was typical Indian fare, and prices were about average. We ordered some of our favorites -- veggie samosas, pakora, chicken tikka masala, aloo gobi, as well as some rice and two kinds of naan. At the same time, the host/server/whatever finally took our drink orders. Sadly, this joint doesn't serve alcohol. I hate it when I can't order a good Indian beer with my meal.  It took a long time to get even our drinks (water and iced tea) out, which came with the appetizers. The samosas were OK. The pakora was weird. I'm used to pakora being similar to tempeh -- just vegetables dipped in batter and fried. These were more like spongy batter balls with diced veggies inside. Maybe they're more "authentic," I don't know, but they sucked.  The entrees were solid. Nothing to write home (or, um, on Yelp) about, kind of weak-flavored, but decent. The naan was good enough.   We had a Restaurant.com gift certificate to use, and when the lady first looked at it, she said, "That's not us." She said this because their logo didn't print, and she thought the "missing image" graphic was someone else's logo. I had to point out to her the NAME AND ADDRESS AND PHONE of her own business. She did eventually take the discount off our bill.  Interestingly, at some point, a man and his child walked in during our meal, heartily greeted us, and I assume he is the owner or manager at least, which leads me to believe our host/server might have been his wife. Maybe she was grumpy that she had to work by herself while he was watching the Big Game or something. Had he been there when we first arrived, we might have felt better. But either way, we're never going back here, which is a shame, because it is literally walking distance from our house.
There's another review here which describes Saffron's interior as being more like a banquet hall than an Indian restaurant and I have to concur completely. When we arrived at around 8PM on a Saturday the large rectangular building was empty with the exception of two other pairs of customers at the round tables in the main part of the room. Down one side there are four half-booths, although only two of these appear to be available for customers, with one having a computer set up upon it and the other, outfitted with a pair of mismatched, padded office chairs appears to be used as a hangout for the proprietor's children when they aren't helping out with the restaurant.  After being instructed by a small child to "just sit anywhere" we took one of the open booths and another child brought us our menus. The covers looked slightly grubby, like they could have used a wipe down and I noticed a large stain on the side of the booth next door to ours - it looked like someone had spilled a large glass of coke over the side of the table at one point and that it had been allowed to set before washing. Chairs and tables were covered with plastic to ward off such spillages and the plastic on top of our table felt like it could have been a little cleaner also, as could the salt and pepper shakers which felt a little grimy when we moved them.  The restaurant is a bit odd and has a little raised section in the corner opposite the door and the 1970s disco ball in the middle of the room. The disco ball was just a mystery and I expected to see the four children from The Chronicles of Narnia file in and take their places in the four throne-like armchairs upon the curious dais at any moment. It was an unusual atmosphere.  After a few minutes our host arrived with a jug of room temperature water with shrink wrap covering the top. He had collected this from one of the central tables which was home to a collection of such jugs. He seemed very friendly, however, and quickly accepted our restaurant.com certificate and enthusiastically took our order. In order to meet the $35 requirement we ordered Chicken Tikka Masala, Malai Kofta, Shahi Paneer, and a selection of Naan (two garlic, one sesame).  Our host then presented us with some pappadums and the usual chutneys of tamarind and mint. The mint chutney had a nice kick to it and although the tamarind had an uncharacteristically odd "ketchupy taste" it mellowed into a pleasant aftertaste so it all worked out. We were cheerfully informed that we could ask for more pappadums if we liked and as the host departed I commented to my wife about how the friendliness and enthusiasm was enough to make me overlook some of the oddities of the place in my upcoming Yelp review.  Despite the fact that there were very few others in the restaurant we didn't see any staff again for the forty or so minutes it took for our food to arrive. I wasn't bothered at all by the longer than average wait time and the food more than made up for it anyway. My Chicken Tikka Masala was a little milder than I am used to, however the very nutty and savoury Shahi Paneer was a perfect accompaniment. I found my garlic naan to be tasty without being amazing, but my wife found her sesame naan to be a little overcooked on the bottom. The Malai Kofta was somewhat different to other incarnations of this dish that I've experienced. The sauce tasted more like a onion/butter sauce than creamy, but was tasty, however the kofta themselves were dark, somewhat sharp in flavour and fell to pieces at the merest touch of an eating utensil. Overall though, the food was excellent and we couldn't wait to return and I expected to award the restaurant four stars with a disclaimer about the slightly odd vibe to the place and maybe a friendly suggestion that they wipe up a bit in my review.  This is where things took a turn for the worse. A medium sized party had entered the restaurant and placed their orders just as I was enjoying the last bites of sauce-dipped naan and they also appeared to have a couple of take-out customers. Our host asked me how everything was to our enthusiastic responses and disappeared into the kitchen.  I got my credit card out and politely sat at the table waiting to deal with my bill. Twenty minutes later we were still waiting. Ten minutes later I asked a child if they could ask someone to help us with our bill. Twenty minutes passed and a surly woman came out, but it was to deal with a takeout customer. The child still clutched our bill and restaurant.com certificate. Finally, after about an hour of waiting we were finally dealt with and could get out of there, lamenting that we could have driven across town to our home TWICE in the time we waited to pay for our meal.  The food here is great, but being made to wait a full hour (no exaggeration) to pay, including 30 minutes after you TELL THEM you want to pay is just unacceptable, especially when there were at least three adult staff members and custom was slow.
I was here on a thursday evening and there were no other customers. The place smelled kind of funny too and it wasn't the smell of spices either. It's a large place but there were no servers; there was just the husband and wife (I think). The food itself was ok but the main dishes didn't come with rice or naan. We had to order the naan separately and it wasn't fresh at all. As a restaurent I think it's best to avoid but might work for being a takeout place.
As of 12th September this establishment is closed for good.  Update September 27th.  Received a message from someone who runs saffron & they are saying its still open & asking me to  make sure my information is correct before I put it out for public.  The date that I mentioned above was the day we went to saffron during lunch time & found no cars parked in the parking area & the doors locked with a chain & a lock without any sign stating whether they are still in business or will be back or not. Hence my review of the place.   Either way it seems like they are still open. I will not change my rating because of the fact that we drove away from the strip hoping to have lunch here & found it closed without any sign saying they will reopen or what so ever.   Saffron we really wanted to give you a try in our 5 days stay in Vegas. But maybe next time.
I had a groupon sat down to order looked at how dirty the menus are, the owner watching a big OLD tv in the dinning room, Nobody in the place, looked kinda like they didnt have the money to maintain the place...Told my wife and Kids LETS GO!!!! If the dinning area looks this bad I can only guess what the kitchen looks like. NO THXs sorry but if you want customers you need to work on your place and put the Guy with the TV in the back out of site...... P.S the food might be good, I just ran for my life before i tried it...
So upset! After buying a groupon we decided to finally give this place a try. Even after reading the reviews I took a leap of faith on this place. First off we drove 20 mins to get here to be ignored at the door when we entered that WE had to ask after standing there for 5 mins if we should just seat ourselves. An unpleasant lady said sit anywhere and tossed some menus on the table. Without an " I'll be right with you". We waited 15 mins without someone even bringing water to our table!! We got up and left. Now I know why I stick to my five favorite restaurants.  If you want good Indian go to taj palace. That's where we're driving now where we know we'll get awesome food and great service.
Worst place to be !!!!!!!!!!!  Single star  because it does not allow me post the review with out any  stars.  This place  totally sucks.   As usual common thing about the previous reviews is " The place was empty and we were told to sit where ever you like " ( You will have a feeling of private dining in a restaurant I guess lol ). We initially order appetizers. It took some time and it was served but with out any dippings I mean at least the mint sauce or the ketchup ( Like the other Indian restaurants serve).  We had ordered Chicken Biryani. It was stale and  and you could hardly find any chicken in it. We also ordered garlic naan  with Mixed tandoori combo. The mixed tandoori combo was ok but the meat was quite dry. Garlic naan was horrible. It was plain naan with some crushed garlic over it.  All in all it was a horrible dining experience.
I wish we had listened to the negative reviews. In fact -- they were GENEROUS.  We were initially seated by a young child. No. Wait. We picked our own table. We selected the one booth with the fewest stains on the table cloth. She brought us our beverages with one ice cube each. Yup. ONE. They say they offer Coke products, but it tasted like Diet Rite out of a 2-liter that had been opened first thing in the day.  15 minutes later, she finally swung back around to take our order. Oh, there was only one other active table in the place, mind you. Over FORTY-FIVE minutes passed before we were finally served our entrees. This gave us plenty of time to look around the restaurant. Box tape was holding up decorations. A disco ball was the focal point of some streamers around the room. The TV was far too loud, but we probably should be grateful as it made it easy to keep our unflattering comments contained to our table. I refused to use the restroom there.  Finally our meal arrived. The Chicken Karahi was nothing but a SMALL bowl of chicken breast swimming in Frank's Hot Sauce. Seriously. It was Frank's brand. I'd had it not more than 2 days prior. The other entree was the Mixed Tandoori Combo Delux. Everything was dry and impossible to enjoy -- except the sauteed onions. Those were good.  We were not offered refills of our near-flat Diet Rites at any point. Not after the starters were gone. Not after the glasses were empty. Not during the meal -- even after an ADULT server brought the entrees and blinked at our empty glasses. Were we not even checked on to see if we needed anything or had any concerns about the food. So finally, after sitting with empty plates in front of us for THIRTY minutes (far longer than it took us to eat it), we were almost hungry again. But more importantly we wanted our check so we could go get something to drink. No one was in sight. Not a cook. Not a server. Not a child. No one. So I called the restaurant from the table. They refused to answer the phone. Finally, a woman with a bluetooth headset peeked around the screen from the kitchen, looked me square in the eye, saw me wave to get her attention -- and promptly turned around never to be seen again.  Never have I dine-and-dashed -- but I was highly tempted to that evening. Eventually, a child came around and I asked for our check. Finally! Some acknowledgement -- or so I thought. The chef (possible owner/owner's wife) came around to discuss an issue with another (the ONLY OTHER) table and I attempted to get her attention to tell he we were ready for the check and had a Groupon. We were ignored.  It finally took the child TEN MORE MINUTES to deliver our check to the table. When we pointed out the groupon, she wanted to take the phone with her. We didn't allow that to happen (an iPhone is probably the most expensive thing that establishment has ever seen). After telling her how to credit the value of the Groupon against this check (because WE had to explain the weird terms and conditions the restaurant put on the Groupon), we finally just let her credit the 'value' of the Groupon against the check (Which did not work out in the restaurant's favor) so we could get the hell out.  My message to the hungry public: Do not eat here. This restaurant is doomed and can not be saved. It's in a shady part of town, the service is HORRIBLE, the pricing is out of line with portion size and quality.  My message to the owners: Stop. Save what money and credit you have left and close your doors. Your chef can seem to only cook one dish at a time. This is what caused our excessive wait time; and a mysterious phone order caused an excessive delay on the preparation of the meal for another table of four. There is no possible way your staff or restaurant's infrastructure can support a full house -- which is exactly what you need to survive. But it's not going to happen. Gordon Ramsay can't even save you now.
The waitress was the daughter of the owner. Probably about twelve at most. Did an ok job I guess. But very unprofessional as she was in a sweatshirt. None of the tables we sat at were balanced and kept tilting. The food itself was barely decent. Tolerable but nothing to write home about. My friend went to the restroom and we almost left based off that so as you can guess not good. Many cleaner better food Indian restos here in Vegas.
I don't even know where to start. Maybe with the stained tablecloth? Or maybe with the decorations held up by masking tape? Oh, I know! How about the fact that we had to wait half an hour for our entrees! This place looks gross, inside and out, and the food I had was really superlatively awful. I love Indian food because it is so flavorful, and this completely failed to live up to expectations. I had the Samosas, which weren't TOO awful, and the Palak Paneer, which literally had almost no flavor at all. To add insult to injury everything was cold, we didn't get any rice (I guess you're supposed to buy it separately? Would have been nice to know...) and service took FOREVER which is totally understandable since there was ONE other table in the entire place. The only reason we went to this place was because we mistakenly bought a groupon that we thought was for the other Saffron that is closer to us, but if I had known what it was going to be like I would have just kissed the money for the groupon goodbye and NOT BOTHERED.
I may have had a worse experience at a restaurant than the one I had at Saffron, but if I did, I can't remember it.  We had misgivings as soon as we saw the restaurant, with its empty parking lot in a neighborhood that wasn't very nice. However, since we had a Groupon that was about to expire, we went on in. The room was dimly lit enough that we couldn't see the stains on the tablecloths or chairs.  We were amused when the (then) lone server tried to turn on the lights on the centerpiece on our table, only to discover that the batteries were dead. We also laughed at the decorations held up by masking tape. Less amusing and more annoying was the television set blasting Indian movies and music videos loudly from the corner. It was obviously a satellite broadcast, and at one point, there must have been satellite problems, as the picture and sound kept freezing. At no point did it seem to occur to the staff to turn it down until the problems went away.  We ordered appetizers, sodas and entrees. Our appetizers took a little bit of time to come out, and we didn't get our drinks until our appetizers came. The appetizers were okay, but then came the long, long wait for our entrees. (I should point out that there was only one table occupied in the restaurant, so it's not like they were busy at all.) The food was bland and flavorless and cold, and didn't come with rice, which has been served with every other Indian meal I've ever had.  Not only was the food bad and the service slow, nobody ever came to check on us to see how we were doing. Probably a self-defense measure to insulate the staff from complaints. We had to flag a pre-teen server down to get our check, and even then had to wait at least five minutes while another pre-teen totaled it up at the next table using a pocket calculator.  It's worth pointing out that we were only there because we had a groupon about to expire. (A Groupon I had only purchased because I mistakenly thought it was for Saffron on Tenaya.) While we were there, two other parties came in, both because they had Groupons. I'm not surprised that they didn't have any customers there willing to pay full price, and we certainly won't be going back.
I was hoping for a 4 stars dining experience before we got there but let me say that after my visit, awarding them 3 is generous. Seriously.  The interior has a classic indian restaurant aesthetic but it is obviously old qnd unkempt. The reviews for this establishment are a bit harsh but aren't too far off...considering the service. There may as well be none. We went on a slow weeknight and they still took forever to do just about everything. I feel bad bashing them because they did a few things right but I have to be honest. For one, the water tastes awful. I had about two sips before I realized I couldn't drink anymore. God only knows what the hell they put on there.  The tables tilt and the chairs are practically falling apart. The condition of the place is pretty sad actually, but I remained as open minded as possible to review the food. The appetizers arrived about seventy minutes after we had ordered. A waitress continued to apologize for the delay while we politely said no big deal. The actual appetizer, a shami kabob was OK. It was a bit too dry and singed on one side. The chutney was a bit runny and had obviously been watered down. I ordered a "chai" tea to see if they could make some authentic spicy tea to satisfy my craving. They couldn't. It was god awful-- watered down plain lipton tea with a bit of dairy creamer in it. It did not taste the least bit like authentic chai tea should and it was lukewarm at best. The main courses were passable. The tandoori chicken was juicy and spicy enough to be enjoyed by my girlfriend and i. Sizzling onions always compliment this dish well. The seekh kabob was nothing impressive-- you'll have better luck at Kabob korner at Fremont street. The biriyani wasn't bad but I've had much better. At least it was loaded with a decent amount of meat. The Naan was right on but it's pretty hard to screw that up. The entire dining experience was fraught with delays and took over 2 and a half hours. Thank god we happened to have a groupon which made our grand total about $5....service charge included. Well worth the inconvenience for such a steal but I cannot in good conscience recommend this three ring circus of a restaurant at full price until they make some major improvements to service and quality.
FYI - This is a review exclusively for lunch, I have no clue what dinner is like, but here is my review for the lunch: This place is definitely more focused on their banquet hall that it's attached too than service for guests at lunch, we popped infor their "lunch buffet" which was basically a table with some banquet sterno heated trays with some mediocre indian/paki cuisine. service didn't exist and we had to ask for everything. The only reason I'm writing a review is to give the naan bread my thumbs up, but for everything else, there are SO MANY other options available in the area, skip this place as a lunch option if you can, or pop in just for some naan.
We came here for my mom's birthday dinner using a Groupon deal. This place is by far the worst restaurant I've been to in my life. For sure the worst Indian restaurant I've encountered.   The service was crazy slow to the point that it was nonexistent...literally. Everyone was serving themselves water. My family and I waited for 50 minutes before we got cups for water. Even then, we had to ask for it ourselves. Other tables had straws...we never got them. We never got refills either. Our appetizer was a frozen samosa that they fried up in 30 seconds. Ackkk.   All their dishes were beyond horrible. I always order chicken tikka masala, I've tasted it at many locations, and here, it tasted just like tomato sauce straight from the can. Such a let down. The other dishes we ordered were also not swallowable. Normally, if we don't finish our food, we take it to-go. Not this food... It wasn't worth packing up for later if we couldn't even handle it "fresh"   They also never brought out a meal that we had ordered, yet we had already paid for it through Groupon. When we asked about it, we were given attitude and told "We'll see if we have time to bring out your dish". We were not brought our bill and left in the end, after asking and waiting for it for 20 minutes. Such a huge let down. The service and food were both atrocious. Chaotic and not friendly, certainly no yummy food here. Avoid Saffron at all costs!!!
This place was absolutely HORRIBLE. We bought a groupon. The first two times we showed up during business hours there was a sign saying CLOSED.  We finally caught them when they were open on the 3rd try.  When we walked in we were not greeted for about 2-3 mins. There were ZERO people in the restaurant. The layout is more like a ballroom and not a restaurant. Finally someone appeared from the back. Didnt say a word but waved us to a table and dropped some menus.   7 mins later she came back and stood near the table and said "Hello". We decided this was our cue and we placed our complete order. She claimed the Groupon was worth less than the actual value. We just said whatever you think is fair. About 1 min later she returned with our drinks. Then we didnt see her again for 27 mins. In this time a man came in and out of the restaurant appeared to be installing computer software and printing equipment right in the middle of the restaurant. The appetizer then arrived it was a Prepackaged obviously microwaved appetizer that looked NOTHING like the photo in the menu. About 8 mins later our meal arrived(approx 35+ mins from seating to food). The food was delivered without a word spoken.    The meal was the only slightly brighter spot. The food was typical indian food and had standard flavors and typical size portions. The processing of the bill was incredibly painful struggle. This took 4 trips back and forth to the table and still the hand written check was not coherent. We were happy just to get out of there.  This place needs a lot of work.
The is by far the worst restaurant I have ever been to in my LIFE!! No service AT ALL and they let you wait forever!! I don't know why they are still in business if they are not even interested in serving the customers. There is only 1 miserable lady waitress who seems to be the lady boss and she couldn't care less. The place is not clean and most of the time you will get some kids to seat you. Go there once and you will know what I mean and I am sure you will not go back!
I am so sorry to have to make my first ever written review to have to be for Saffron Restaraunt in East Las Vegas, but I am left with no choice...Disgusting!!!  Shameful!!! This place should be shut down permanently.  If I become ill from today's meal (which I reluctantly ate because my kids were so hungry, it was so late, and we were completely fooled by the pics on their website) then I will be back with the Nevada State Health Authorities tomorrow.  The website pics were obviously taken when someone decorated the hall for a wedding, as opposed to the way their restaraunt actually looks. The service was terrible, and the food was worse. This food does not resemble anything like real Pakistani cuisine.  For any non-Pakistanis...please do not judge Pakistanis, nor their food (which is world famous) by this place. I am not from Vegas or I'd send you to an authentic Pakistani restaraunt, where you would appreciate the service and LOVE the food, but trust me, although that exists in many places, it does not exist here. If I am stuck with having to give this place a single star in order to post this review, please disregard that star.
Is it possible to give a place lower than a 1 star on Yelp ? Seriously, this place needs it.  Located in an old strip mall on the east side of town, the outside actually looks nice, once you fight your way through the door it all seems to go down hill from there.  As the only people in the place it was surprising to be ignored, a request for a table for 6 took us to a table for 4...Yep, this is how it would be....  Now I should say, we have eaten here before, but my mother in law grabbed a groupon for the place so the choice was taken out of my hands.....  Menus delivered, a whole two of them for the 6 people....  Food and drinks ordered...then nothing, for 30 minutes we sat, nobody to check on drink refills etc.  To the food. Descriptions taken from their menu :  Veggie Pakoras, Mixed vegititables in a special batter. fried to a crispy brown, by which they mean a mixture of onions...I actually love Chicken Pakoras, the batter was ok, but seriously, if you are going to offer a mixture of vegetables, actually serve a mixture.  Back to being ignored for another 20 minutes.  Mixed Tandoori Combo,  Mixed Tandoori Combo seekh kabob,Chicken tikka boti,Chicken Tandoori (Two), actually not bad, the seekh kabob was probably the best thing I ate there.  Chicken Handi, Pieces of chicken cooked in a butter flavored cream sauce, a not so good version of buttered chicken.  Shrimp masala, not listed on the one line menu, but if you know Indian you can figure it out...Blah, pretty much blah.  A couple of orders of plain nan and garlic nan, actually the second best thing behind the seekh.  Meal finish, time to be ignored again...seriously do these people have no idea on how to run a restaurant ? If you leave the floor unattended for 20-30 minutes at a time, with the door jammed open, people will walk out, not pay bill, get fed up and leave...  So with a little bit of work the food could be ok, the service..well there is none so it doesn't apply.  If you're looking for a good Indian meal try Everest or India Masala.
I'd give them a 0 if it was possible! They warmed up precooked frozen food and served it. The samosas were Deep jalapeo cheese samosas and the naan were Deep as well. Haleem tasted like it was from a can and the service was just horrible. The restaurant itself is just laughable! Save your money and go else where!!!
Mediterranean/mexican fusion? When we first walked into this establishment we were shocked by the run-down decor. There were numerous holes in the walls, and just an overall tackiness that made this No one was there to welcome us into the restaurant. the lady began to walk us to a table a customer complained and she abandoned us, so we had to find our own table.  When we began to place our order, the compact disc on the Kenwood stereo began to skip, so our order took a backseat to fixing the scratched CD playing.   Ok, so this place stinks! No, literally, it smells like old camel ass.I guess all the "Ocean Breeze" Renuzits were there to camouflage the camel smell, but it didn't work. Trust me.   Our water came without ice. The ice, upon demand, came out in a mini casserole dish with a pair of ice tongs. As we looked around the room at the other customers' tables we realized that maybe bottled water was the way to go. Perhaps the leftover bottle caps on our table should have been an indication.  oh, did I mention that the leopard printed table cloth was hiding an uneven table that tilted when we put our drinks upon it? The leopard table cloth was the top layer of 5 different table covers. There were several plastic table covers nunderneath the leopard cloth that had stains and old, crusted food upon them.  Anyway, the surprise came when the food arrived. It was surprisingly delicious! The "kabob" appetizer actually came in the form of a wrap with lots of fresh veggies and tender chicken. Who knew? Also, the chicken makhani was delicious. We had to order the basmati rice and an order of garlic naan a la carte.    Oh, did I mention that they also do quinceneras? Egad!
This place is awful! The chicken tikka masala is not flavored and it tastes like the sauce is Campbell's tomato soup. The tikka masala fries were soggy and luke warm at best. The service was lacking, and the place wasn't even busy! I would drive the .2 miles to The Dhaba and never look back! Best of Phoenix 2011, yeah right!
This has to be the worst restaurant in terms of hygiene. Two of my friends had food -poisoning after having dinner here. The food is just unhealthy with tons of oil floating on the top of curries, and I am not sure if any health/hygiene code is followed here.  The service is poor and the information on its website is incorrect, the owner does not allow dine-in after 9 or 10 even though it says that the restaurant is open till 11.   One night I saw the owner cleaning the place without gloves and she was nice enough to give us a to-go parcel without cleaning her hands (great example to the servers!). I had a peek inside the kitchen when the door was ajar, and it definitely looked dirty.  I have been a lot of hole-in-the-wall places around this restaurant, including Haji Baba, the Vietnamese place and others, but neither any of my friends nor I have fallen sick coz of the food. If you need a spicy-food fix, i strongly recommend you do not try this place, lest you want a visit to the doctor the very next day.
Definitely thought I had reviewed this place before. But I guess not...  I had tried their catering before, and it was pretty good. So I decided I would try their restaurant food.  Bad idea. I ordered chicken tikka masala and got chicken tikka soup. The masala that was there was super watered down, and the chicken was a mix of white meat and brown meat, some of the brown meat was so tough that I had to leave a few pieces of the chicken uneaten. The naan was really good, but the chicken tikka masala was very sub par. To make matters worse, it cost a whopping $7. When $7 gets you much more food at other places, I doubt you are going to venture back here. I suppose it was worth a try, but its not worth the return.
Stopped in Saturday for lunch. Sign on main door said to enter through the hooka because of renovations. I did and the place was empty. Waited for about 5 minutes and called out to see if anyone was there. No response. Went to the Delhi Palace buffet up the street. Maybe service will improve after the renovations are complete
I thought this place was going to be better based on reviews but I guess not. You enter in through the hookah place next door and you are obligated to get your own drinks. I love Indian food, I make it at home all of the time but sometimes I like to venture out. The lowdown:  *I got the tikka masala fries and they were good but they desperately needed salt. *Mattar paneer also needed salt and spice, I thought this food was supposed to be full of flavor and spice?No creamy texture and the cheese was rubbery and more firm than it is supposed to be.  *My partner's lamb curry was sadly laden with oil and you could see the separation between the tomato curry and the oil sitting on top. The biggest part of the lamb that was saved for last was mostly, if not all fat.  *Basmati rice needed salt as well, and I'm not a salt fiend! More oil would have helped to make it moist.  *Garlic Naan was crispy and hot.  In conclusion: tikka masala fries and naan were good. I was disappointed at the lack of flavor everything had. If you want one of the best experiences go to Royal Taj here in Tempe, if you want some of the best Indian food in your life go to Delhi Palace in Flagstaff at Woodlands Village.
it seriously blows my mind that this place has a 4.5 star average. who is rating this stuff so high?!!  the samosas were served room-temperature, my paneer dish was EXTREMELY greasy, my mango lassi never came, the entire restaurant was out of napkins (not kidding!) and the chicken dishes come with such huge chunks of chicken that there's barely any flavor (so i'm told, i don't eat meat). a highlight was the garlic naan, lowlight, the service. by far. two young women who didn't care the least about good service.  don't waste your time or money. seriously, go up the street to the dhaba. waaaaaay better food and service. a little pricier, but you get what you pay for.
UPDATE:  Looks like the health department can confirm my personal experience.  5 negative findings on their most recent inspection (http://phoenix.about.com/library/blrestinspectbad0613.htm). Meanwhile, the owners keep messaging me to get me to delete my review.  Oh Curry Corner.  I loved you since the day I met you.  Your takeout orders were usually wrong.  But I forgave you, for each time I came inside, my food was just right.  I was wierded out by your self-service beverages, and your water always tasted so awful that I drank tea or soda.  I figured it was a ploy to sell drinks, and I was OK with that, because your food was so cheap and so delicious.  I was excited to come in last week to find Guy Fieri's visit (can't stand the dude...wtf is with his hair...SERIOUSLY) prompted a major renovation.  Gone were the mostly disgusting and crappy booths near the kitchen.  Hardly an improvement to remove booths and replace with tables and chairs, but this was.  They cleaned it up. And it looked great!  Well, I was pumped that my friend, who is mostly an Indian food virgin, enjoyed this place and his first foray to the cuisine.  So much so, that (well, until he reads this review) I couldn't bear to tell him what I saw when we checked out.  A roach.  Not a dead one.  One still clinging to it's life.  Legs in the air like he just didn't care.  I immediately bugged (ha!) my friend who had originally turned me on to the place to tell him my woeful tale of a roach at Curry Corner.  OH, he said?  I saw one the last time I was there, but I assumed it was just a fluke.  No.  It was not.  And no thanks, CC.  I'm over you.
I know a lot of people who love this place, but I don't get it.  They are going to be featured on the food network as having the beset chicken tikka masala.  I ordered this twice (thinking maybe the first time it was an off day) but it was horrible each time.  Not tender or tasty.   The goat tastes like lamb and has that grassy taste.  And the Nan's are served on these plastic trays, where they don't change the foil between customers!   Bathroom is filthy.  Lots of college students eat here, and it is in walking distance of ASU's campus.  It's not even that cheap.    I must be missing something, because I do not recommend this place.
The food from Curry Corner is good but the service is pretty bad and their attitude is very racist... They treat the white Americans as Roman Gods and the people from the subcontinent and Mexico as the slaves... They will treat you as if they were your boss if you are anywhere from Asia... So if you are looking for quite tasty food (at somewhat higher but okay price) but bad behavior from the owners you are very welcome.
I ordered 3 items to go one of which was chicken tikka masala and  I didn't get it we were charged for it but we got a beef dish with lots of bones I was pretty disappointed I don't think I will be back!!!!!!!
I'm not sure about this place when you take your food to go,I don't recommend that at all
Straight to the point their food is delicious and deserves 4 stars, but their service is awful/ disappointing. I honestly even wish their food wasn't so good. I've come in on multiple occasions and the waiter/waitresses have been so rude. On one occasion when I asked for water while I waited for my to-go the waitress with a lot of makeup on was talking badly about me in spanish. Awkward considering I understand/speak Spanish. It was to the point where I felt uncomfortable eating there. Service is slow and it's to the point where I feel I need to write this review.
Not sure why this was on Food Network. Chicken was fatty and dark meat in curries. The best parts of the meal were the nan bread and the rice.
The food is OK, but ASK FOR AN ITEMIZED RECEIPT. They overcharged me, my sister, and a friend on 3 separate occasions. Their explanation was that the prices went up but they hadn't had time to update the menu... but it has been months since the first time I was over charged. I will not give business to dishonest people.
My husband and I freaking love Indian food. We had a business trip in Scottsdale, AZ, and after watching Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives and seeing that Tempe was just 10 minutes up the road, we made it our mission to try Curry Corner. I had high hopes for this place to blow my mind.  We were served quickly, but the meal left much to be desired. We started with samosas which were really good. However the water they brought us tasted like it came out of a hotel swimming pool - very chlorine-y.   I asked if I could have tikka masala, except made with shrimp instead of chicken (usually an option at most Indian places). The server said he "would ask, but the cook is sometimes funny about stuff like that." I didn't understand how difficult it could be to put tikka masala sauce over shrimp instead of chicken, but I was ultimately served shrimp tikka masala. What a disappointment! The sauce literally tasted like Campbell's soup, or ketchup. Just plain tomato sauce. I don't know if this is some side sauce that was whipped up to satisfy my request for shrimp in place of chicken and just wasn't the normal tikka that is used, but I was pretty sad about the whole thing. Had I known it would so negatively affected my meal overall, I would have just stuck with chicken.  The rice was flavorless. Normally I can eat rice from my favorite Indian places plain, because it's so delicious and cooked with cinnamon, cilantro, cardamom, etc. The rice not only didn't taste seasoned, but it also took on the chlorine taste from the water. They would really benefit from installing a water filter in their restaurant.  My husband had chicken makhani which WAS really good. The cheese and garlic naan were also both delicious.  I wish I could give my experience a better rating, but it was ultimately a disappointment for me.
Terrible terrible terrible service.....please save yourself some time, pride and money...specially if you are an asian. The skinny weirdo who takes your order does not have any courtesy whatsoever...no hello..no smile...no thank you nothing!! I felt so weird and so little while standing in their cramped and filthy restaurant with my wife for at least 15minutes without being welcomed or even asked to sit down. Finally, the owner lady asked us to sit down with such an attitude as if she is doing a huge favor to us.The lady would talk so nicely about the food and stuff to our non asian neighbors but would never bother coming to us to take our order or even to hand us the menu(btw this has happened to us twice on separate occasions) Wow lady!!..were we not paying or what?? This is not the racist land where you came from and we are not college students who would not react to this kind of mean and rude service. The water took 20 minutes to arrive...don't even wanna talk about the other female server...she is just going through her shift. I grew up eating this kind of food so you can take it from me, seriously it's not that great..they use chicken thigh meat in all curries which is not always a good thing...portions sizes are ridiculously small...nothing interesting really...there are much better and courteous places around. I seriously hope that their "Guy Fiery" bubble bursts soon. I am not going back again at any cost...and would highly recommend all of you to stay away..specially if you are an asian.
I have been going to this place frequently for the last 1 and half years and the food was great until recently.  The last few times I ordered take out food and I always find the curries highly diluted with water, samosas fried in old oil and their signature biriyani not flavorful at all.  The last time I ordered take out food from there, I even found a piece of meat in my veggie curry!!   Like others have mentioned, the service is poor, the place is highly understaffed and not so friendly staff either.  The place used to be known for its flavorful, cheap food but sadly the quality has degraded over the last few months...
Really over rated on here. Food was basic, chicken was slimy. Staff were friendly but not  very attentive. Had to ask for plates, a knife, napkins and a glass of water which tasted like pond water. Bit of an odd experience.
People have to stop judging Indian restaurants by how they make Chicken Tikka Masala or any Tikka Masala for that matter. Yes, Chicken Tikka Masala is an Indian dish but it is not the only Indian dish. Hell, it's a north Indian dish that seldom gets any attention in other parts of India.  I choose Curry Corner over other Indian restaurants in this area because of its positive reviews. I ordered a Lamb Biryani and a Chicken Curry to-go was told the order would take 15-20mins. So I sat at one of the tables and patiently waited. The place was not busy and almost everyone who came after me got their food served while I was still kept waiting. Finally, after more than 35mins of waiting my order was ready and I was told the Lamb Biryani usually takes time to prepare. So I thought maybe Biryani was worth the wait.  Initially the Biryani looked good but when I started digging into it was when I realized how badly it was prepared. The Biryani was just rice mixed with some curry and a few hard-to-chew lamb pieces thrown in. Trust me, it tasted awful. I simply don't understand why some Indian restaurants have this compulsion to include a Biryani on the menu when they don't know or even have the faintest idea about how it is prepared.  And as for the Chicken Curry, it tasted OK; nothing great - just mediocre.  Curry Corner is another Indian restaurant serving mediocre Indian food to susceptible locals. What a shame!
Stay away from curries they are watered down. Friendly people cozy atmosphere. All I tried was chicken tikka masala and it's not up to par.
In the mood for Indian so we tried The Dhaba but it was that weird time of day between lunch and dinner. So, we went to Curry Corner. The service wasn't great. Wife got a soda but wasn't offered a refill until we were ready to leave. And the food was spicy, so she REALLY kinda needed it. She asked at one point and we thought the server heard us, but apparently she didn't. The food is okay. I've definitely had better Indian and I'm not sure what would bring us back here.
We went because of Diners drive ins and dives.  We did not get the food he got even though we ordered the same thing.  Ours wasn't tasty the order was smaller and even a different color. The place wasn't clean, dirty floors, sticky table edges.  Wouldn't go again.
This time we waited 50 mins for our food to come out. We came dring lunch time on Sat. People came after us got their food and we are still waiting. NOT HAPPY.
The food is really good. We like their food but the waiting time is too long and it kills the pleasure. People come later than us finish sooner. Twenty minutes is ok but we waited for over forty minutes. The last plate was not here after a whole hour so we had to cancel it.
I don't understand why everyone loves this place. I went in with high hopes because of all the great reviews and recommendations from friends. We walked in, the place was totally empty and no server in sight. No music just a TV playing the food channel. After an awkward silent min a server comes out the back. Our server was totally awkward.  When the food was ready he literally brought one thing out at a time. The food was soooo boring. The blandest Indian food I have ever eaten. Maybe it's just the vegetarian items that is so tasteless?
Casual, very casual, casual in many respects.  There is decent to good food here depending on what is ordered, and it comes out rather fast, and it is lower priced than most Indian restaurants in the valley.  But there are a few drawbacks to dining here.  Though you're paying a couple bucks less per entree, you're also in a not so clean place that has a lot of wear on it other than perhaps the newish large flat panel TV on the wall.  This was one of those times where I realized that maybe it is worth the price difference.  There was only one server for the entire little restaurant on our visit, so I can see how that was frustrating for the other table that was there before us but ordered after us.  The Mexican hot sauce (Cholula) on each table was an interesting observation.
Seriously, am I missing something???   I seem to be the only person who has had better Indian food.  The fam and I decided to give this place a try, even though it is very far from home, but with a recommendation like DDD, what could go wrong?  Well, first off, it's a bit chaotic when you walk in.  No real system to be seated and the tables are weirdly situated.  Once we were seated we were rushed to order... thankfully we mostly knew what we wanted.  I tryed the marsala fries, which were BY FAR the best thing we ate.  Those, I must say are amazing.  I also had a bite of the samosas, which were ok... not really that favorful, and the chicken tikka masala.  Honestly, it was ok, but I've had better... even from Trader Joes.  We also had the goat... this too was ok... better than the masala, but so fatty it was hard to eat.  So, long story short... if you live near here then perhaps hit it up.  Otherwise, check out some Indian food closer to home... that is my recommendation.  You're welcome.
The first problem we had was upon entering the restaurant. All the seats are weirdly situated and there is no hostess or sign that says wait to be seated. All the tables and chairs were located either too close to a bathroom or too close to the kitchen since it is such a small place. The table configurations were also weird with one booth that had two tables. So imagine a normal booth and on each side there is one person and a table in between. Now imagine the same thing but with two tables in between making the distance between you and the other person twice as distant as before.  When I looked around the place it looked filthy and I did notice a fly that kept flying around, which is not something I want to see or deal with when I'm eating. The paint on the walls was brown which I can only imagine is there to hide the grime. I wonder when the last time was that the whole restaurant received a good cleaning. From the attitude of the waitress, I am doubt it has been recent. Additionally, the service station is visible and there was a tacky sign that said "EMPLOYEES ONLY" for the kitchen -- of course it is employee's only.  We had horrible service. Our waitress acted like she had somewhere better to be. She also ignored us when it came time to pay the check which we waited forever for. We tried to flag her down but she wouldn't look at us and literally walked out the front door -- doing who knows what -- only to return 15 minutes later!  I had the tandoori chicken. Overall the food was very bland; I wonder if there was salt and pepper used in the making of it. It all seemed pre-cooked. The sauce that it came with was okay. Parts of the rice seemed undercooked. It was like good rice mixed in with bad rice. The rice should be the same consistency throughout. When we got our coke it tasted like it had root beer in it. I wonder if that was because it literally had root beer in it or because the soda dispenser is not clean.   My clothes smell like curry which I could overlook had the place been good.  To the owner or manager who has been replying on all the bad reviews: don't bother doing that on this one. Just take ownership of the criticism and fix the problems. Stop trying to live off your old successes of being on a television show; there are obvious problems with reoccurring themes which you should clearly be able to see from the amount of times you've had to comment on bad reviews. You really need to call Restaurant Impossible.
I can only comment on the service as I never got to order. I stood at the door and was ignored numerous times by people walking in and out of the kitchen. When I finally asked to be seated, it seemed like they were being bothered or surprised by my request. After I sat down wherever I wanted, it was quickly evident that I wouldnt be served any time soon, so I just left.
I make a habit of visiting Food Network locations, and usually they are just as amazing as the show says...Curry Corner is just 'ok'.  I've had Indian/Pakistani food all over the country and this did not stand up to the hype on Food Network.  I've been there 3 times and have had the Chicken Tikka (featured), the Tikka Masala, and the Aloo Saag.  The Chicken Tikka was great, but the other two were the exact same dishes you'd find at any average Indian restaurant.  The food has also been luke-warm every single time, like it had been sitting for about 10 minutes before being brought out.  Food-wise this comes nowhere near the really good Indian places I've been...it's not bad, but not great either.  Now onto the service, which is where most of this review score comes from.  The customer service is TERRIBLE.  Everyone working there acts like they have no idea what's going on, like this is their first time in a restaurant and they don't know how it works.  My party of two had to wait for 15 minutes before being seated and there were only 2 other families in there.  They gave us literally 10 seconds to look at the menu before very briskly asking for our order, and then looking offended when we said we needed more time.  The food took WAY too long (and like I said felt like it had just been sitting), and the check took even longer.  We didn't have a consistent waiter, different people kept coming over to us and I really got the impression that they don't have any type of consistent system for waiting on their guests.  In general, everyone working there acts like they don't care that you came in and are deciding to spend your money there.  It makes me not want to come back.  CURRY CORNER: if you are reading this, go hire a consultant to come in and show you how to run a restaurant.  You really really need some help with this.  The restaurant itself is shabby and the tables and booths are arranged really awkwardly.  It's not particularly clean or festive looking and the fish tank is really really dirty.  I could see into the kitchen and that didn't look very clean either.  There is no music playing and it makes it way too quiet and awkward in there.    Sadly, I don't agree with Guy Fieri on this one.  You can find better food and better service at other Indian spots in Phoenix.
Worst paneer tikka masala I have ever had. Had half of my food n left. Couldn't evn finish, it was that bad!!!  My friend ordered biriyani and Saag chicken it wasn't good either !! Oh and I forgot to mention the tikka masala was cold , uncooked , tasteless , salt less and very very watery !! Worst experience ! Nva coming back !!
Chicken in the Tikka Massala was dark meat which I don't care for. It was a bit grissly. Taste was fair and naan was fair also
I have eaten here many times, dining in and taking out. I come back for the food, but the service is driving me away. There has not been one time where they did not mess up the order, and the wait has always been trying.
This place comes highly recommended within my little group of friends but Overall wasn't super impressed.  I ordered the tika masala chicken & it was super good one on the best flavored masala sauces I have eaten anywhere.  If only everything on the menu was this good.  My husband ordered goat.    It was mostly grissle and bones.  the little bit of edible meat was dry and tasteless.    Nann is also dry and tasteless.  Prices are expensive.  There is no buffet.  service is terrible (rude, sloppy, listless, and supper supper slow).
So we finally checked this place out based on Guy's recommendation on his show and I really just don't get it We ordered the garlic naan, rice biryani, chicken tikka masala and the chicken korma. The curries were both very thin and lacking the depth of flavors I am used to. The chicken korma really wasn't that good at all - the tikka masala was better but still not that great. I was really disappointed! The biryani was ok but lack luster. The best was the garlic naan probably. There are many other indian restaurants that are far supreme to this one (sorry to say). Although I am fine with dives, this place does need to work on its appearance inside. It just seemed not clean. Not going back. Sorry...
This restaurant has average Indian food but the reason why it gets 2 stars is because of thier horrible customer service. Forgetting drinks, naan, and rice. Only bringing them after the meal was finished.
We went to their lunch buffet.  They have moved into the space that was previously Indus Village.  Now, Indus Village had AMAZING food.  Copper Kettle's food has always been ok, but nothing to rant and rave about.  They used to be located on Dobson and Guadalupe but moved recently to this new location on Alma School and Warner.    The food quality seems to have gone down.  $11 for the lunch buffet.  Some of the dishes were COLD!!!!  I would not recommend.  Customer service is hit-and-miss depending on who is helping you.
Very poor service!! When we went, it wasn't even crowned but still service was super slow. There was one guy "Mohsin" running around.. Said okra & eggplant are same things.. Then got two cups of same dish when we had ordered two different dishes. Then didn't get 3rd dish & said "sorry, aunty left" :(... We were left hungry on a friends bday :(.. Apparently the chef sneaked out... Food quality was good but overall terrible experience !
Food was really good... And it stops at that. Service sucks! Especially at night.. There was one guy who I am presuming is the owner. He didn't seat us but just told us to find our own seats. He came and gave us menus and when we asked what he recommends he mumbled something and we had to turn our heads to look at him. Like literally turn our heads all around and he wouldn't look anybody in the eye. When he brought out the food he didn't tell us which dish is which and when we asked if he can name the platters again he mumbled and walked off. What kind of service is that??? We had to walk over to the other tables and get our own forks and napkins. He didn't come once to check up on us to see how the food is, if we need anything etc. The most unfriendly socially awkward owner/waiter I've ever seen. Also, portions are small. If the owner wants to keep his business around, he should be smart enough to take this review in consideration and improve on all of the above.
We had similar experience last time but we thought of giving another chance when a friend insisted.  Buffet dishes were in Really bad condition, looked old even though it was Friday evening.  They promised to give fresh nan, once came out and said 'naan jal Gaye, making again'. Second attempt naan were under cooked.  Owners: Please get professional cook and staff if restaurant needs to continue. Staff was really friendly and seemed nice people but that's not enough for a dining place.  Take out food is always tasty though.
I have been to Copper Kettle multiple times and in the past and when i say past i am talking about couple of years ago when they weren't at there current location.  So i was at copper kettle couple of weeks ago with my family for their buffet and long behold the food which was being served i can swear was from the night before. I mean come on people make some fresh food if you want people to come back and eat. I told me family this place was so good when i was doing my rotations that i have to go there again but was extremely disappointed. The only reason this place is getting 2 stars is because it was clean and the Naans were fresh and good :)
I have had take out twice recently. The first time I placed my Oder, it was never put into the computer and the girl who took my Oder went home. They were friendly, apologetic and quick to prepare our food. It was tasty but not the best I've had. The paneer tikka masala was what  we ordered.  The second time we ordered we got the palak paneer, lamb korma and the paneer tikka masala. This time around the food was mainly oil!!! The lamb korma looked like oil with lamb in it. I'm not exaggerating. The palak paneer was fairly tasteless and oily as we'll. the tikka masala was oily but tasty still.    After tonight I will not be returning. I doubt their food is always  this oily but I would rather not risk it happening again. The amount of oil was almost comical it was so much.
service sucks. Food is below average. not good with kids.
Had buffet - really disappointed. They don't have appetizers and call it a buffet and very far from authentic Indian food
This review is for eating there. We have never tried their buffet, so don't know about that.. The service was horrible though one saturday night we ate here. very slow service. we were practically filling our own drinks at the fountain.. no condiments brought with food. no chutneys brought with pakora.. forgot to bring our drinks.. super expensive lassi.. paneer dish had practically no paneer in it, it was mostly all onions.
Before coming here we had gone over to Copper Kettle only to find the entire restaurant closed for a private party.   I yelped the nearest Indian and Kabob n Kurry had decent ratings and fairly close to where we were.      We ordered the vegetable qourma, chicken tikka masala, garlic naan, samosa's, and mango lassie.    The vegetable qourma was a mixed back of frozen vegetables that was to put it mildy disgusting.   Chicken tikka was actually not bad - however more sauce that chicken.   And the chicken pieces were small I felt like I had to fish into the bowl to find them.   Garlic naan was weak - too thick, had the consistency of a focaccia bread.   Lassie was actually pretty good.   Samosa i think were frozen bought also - very thin and fried to so hard it was tough to even cut w/ a knife and fork.  Staff consisted of young girl and an older women who claimed she ran the place.   Young girl was very inexperienced, never came back to refill our waters, and forgot our samosas (there were two other tables w/ guests!).   Manager was more involved in checking herself out in the glass window and texting on her phone; though she did ask us how we were doing it was not very genuine.  I'd recommend elsewhere for Indian food.
I went here with a groupon.  I was very dissapointed with the food.  We ordered sweet and sour chicken and curry chicken.  The food was served in a small soup crock.  The S and S chicken had a very very small amount of meat, it was mostly bones mixed into a broth which was actually not even safe since you had to hunt for the bone to not eat one by accident.  The dish was 13.00 and worth about 1.00 at best.  I would not eat here again even with a groupon.
Portion sizes are extremely small, which is weird for an indo-pak restaurant. Food is alright. The owners were nice so they get 2 stars for that. Probably won't be coming back here.
It is the worst indian/pakistani restaurant in my recent past.  I bought a Groupon for $25. Groupon said I can use for buffet. So I went for Sunday buffet. Most of the indian restaurants have good sunday buffet. But When I entered the restaurant, it was empty. The owner was talking in phone (in a high pitched tone). She asked me to sit wherever I like. I was ignored for next 5-10 minutes. I was not offered water / menu. Then a girl (who is supposed to be bearer) came and asked me whether anybody took order. I said no. She didn't show any interest in getting the menu as well. Then I asked for buffet. She said buffet will be a Thali (a plate of food with 5 options). But I don't have any option to choose. They asked whether I will eat chicken. Then they brought a plate of food with some cheap vegetables and chicken. When I asked for bread, bread arrived which was rock hard. There is no appetizer or dessert in this so called buffet.  When I asked for dessert, she said I can buy separately.  I will never visit this restaurant and recommend to anyone
So so food. Not tasty at all. Its at the same standard as others Pakistani restaurant. Tasteless food all over the place in phoenix region.  i still like and prefer curry corner over other Pakistani restaurant out here.
Horrible food! We had the dinner buffet and there was barely anything left on the buffet counter. The quality of food they served for $11.99 is unbelievably bad. Extra salty dishes, half-done naan, weird tasting chicken tikka masala- very bad experience.
Very Disappointed.  Came in to grab lunch, a wrap to go.  What I got was a naan with a few teaspoons of chicken and chutney...for $7!!  They didn't even give me a bag to carry it home in.  Will not be returning.  I see the good reviews, and all I can think is that people haven't had good Indian, or perhaps the sit down experience is much better than the to-go.
I was sooooo looking forward to a great review considering that I visited Zaidi's Grill because of Yelp's reviews.  The people couldn't be nicer so I wish that I had better news.  I wanted beef samosas but they didn't make them anymore.  The chicken patty is also no longer made.  They had pakora's but I don't want vegetables battered and fried. (I'll eat my calories at Hagen Daaz thank you.)  My eating partner had the chicken boti which comes a la carte but they added about a half a cup of rice as a bonus.  Very nice.  We had the roti which was puffy but nothing to write home about.  I had a beef dish (can't remember name)  that consisted of a piece of beef with a sauce that seemed to have file(fee-lay) powder in it --the stuff they use in New orleans to thicken Gumbo.  First, I had to scoop out about 8 tablespoons of oil from the top of the dish onto another dish.  I spent some time doing this so much so that the owner realized what I was doing.  He politely assured me that it was only vegetable oil (as opposed to butter, I guess). I told him that I really didn't want the calories of the oil (also concerned about stomach's reaction to so much fat, but I didn't say this to him).  So all in all, my eating partner had an average meal and I ending up packing the meal and frankly I don't know what I am going to do with it.  By the way, they served a very tasty hot sauce which is house made.  As I said before, the owner/server could not have been nicer.  I was so disappointed considering I adore this type cuisine.  Wish I could have had a better experience.  By the way, there was no one in the dining room on a Friday night.  Not a good sign.
place is CLOSED as of 3/15/13
Mediterranean cuisine is one of my favorites, so I was really looking forward to a great meal from Khyber Halal. I really wanted to like this place, based on all my fellow Yelpers' reviews, but, in my opinion, it just wasn't up to snuff.   I checked them out on a Friday night after work, looking to grab a few items to go. After entering the hole-in-the-wall location (which I love, by the way), I was greeted from behind the counter by an older gentlemen and a few teenagers. You could tell this was truly a family run operation.  After perusing the menu for a bit, I asked for a few recommendations. I'm a pretty adventurous eater, so I told them to throw the best of the bunch at me. He suggested the Uzbak Pulao, which was grilled lamb on top of a rice mixture (carrots, currants, and bits of meat...I'm assuming it was lamb or goat). My husband ordered the Chicken Handi, which was grilled chicken with a spicy rub over rice (nothing fancy here).  We also ordered Naan and a side of hummus.  We got home and dove into our meals, which by the way, was enough to feed a family of four, if not six. My lamb was chewy (I ordered it medium rare) with very little flavor, and the rice mixture was bland and oily (probably from all the meat). The Naan had no flavor at all, either, and after a certain point, I felt like I was eating a chewy piece of cardboard. By far the worst of the bunch was the hummus. It was literally mashed up chickpeas with no additional ingredients (tahini, anyone? Maybe a little lemon juice?). It was bland as can be.  To be fair, my husband enjoyed his chicken, but it doesn't take a lot to please his palate. I also tried his rice, and it was nothing special.   While this place is a killer value and and a sweet family run establishment, we, sadly, won't be returning.
I'm seriously beginning to question, whether Yelp reviewers are actually former incarcerated felons, who had such lousy food in jail, that almost anything decent will merit 4 or 5 stars.  Seriously:  what about this place rates 4 or 5 stars?!?  Yeah, the kids, who help run the place are adorable and well-mannered, but that's not a reason to rave about the restaurant ... or is it?    Let's talk about what's NOT cute:  One of our companions ordered the kabli pulao from the menu.  He did state, that the meat was fairly decently spiced, but the rest of the dish was pretty bland.  His plate, for some reason, came with plain pilaf, which did even less to relieve the blandness.  My plate had the Afghan rice with raisins, so it was a little better.  However, the presentation of the kabli leaves something to be desired.  I would seriously consider altering its shape, since it arrives at your table shaped like a long .... Well, let's just say, I wondered whether one of my dogs from home got into the restaurant and had an accident on his plate  (my companion assures me, that would not have been possible as the food would then have had more flavor than it did).  I had the lamb shank.  It, too, came with enough rice to feed an Afghan family of 7.  And, as much as I love carbs, most of it sat on my plate at meal's end.  The lamb was very fatty, but, hey, that's what gives it taste.  Unfortunately, it was the ONLY dish with lamb available at the restaurant (which, for an Afghani restaurant is as bizarre as going to an Italian restaurant and them not having pasta!).  As an appetizer, I had the hummus, which was -- surprise -- bland.  The bread they serve with it -- allegedly naan -- bore an amazing resemblance to Little Caesar's cheesy bread.  Good, but not naan in any sense of the word I know.  My partner had the chicken tikki masala, which, to me, looked almost like pho (soup) when it came out.  However, he said it was not only very good, but creamy.  They did not, however, bother to ask him how spicy he wanted it, so it came out in a neutral, middle spiciness, which, according to him, added just enough spice to avoid it being --- you got it --- bland.  Service was attentive and extraordinarily polite, especially when considering our server probably doesn't yet know how to shave.  Overall, we won't be coming back here.  The food was bland and nothing particularly exciting.  If, as one of the reviewers stated, the cooking reminds her of how mom made dinner at home, she should immediately close Yelp, drive to mom's, and blow up her pots and pans.  Many of the reviewers here have written, that the dishes come with plenty of food.  But this isn't exactly true:  when it comes down to it, the main dish portions aren't big at all and you're served truckloads of cheap rice to fill out the dishes.  As my partner stated:  "you really have to read these reviews with a grain of salt".    Perhaps.  But if you intend to take reviews of this place with a grain of salt, make sure to bring your own with you:  as bland as the food is here, you won't find any salt laying around to use
Was on a business trip in Phoneix and decided I wanted some Paki food. After reading some reviews I decided on Khyber Halal. Since I was from out of town I decided to give them a call and confirm there hours, I was told last order is an hour before the restaurant closes. Me and three of my coworkers grabbed a cab and headed over there. We arrived an hour and ten minutes before closing, as we headed to a table the cashier, Abudallah told us take out only. We mentioned to him that we called and they said as long as we come an hour before closing we would be served. He repeated take out only, we told him we were from out of town and didn't have a place to take them. He told us that was what the manager had told him, we asked to see the manager, he told us that the manager wasn't available. At this point he said we are out of food, and pretty much told us to get the F out. Couldn't believe it, ended up spending $40 in cabs without getting anything to eat. We ended at Curry Corner(Tempe), with better service.
After reading all the great review on yelp was utterly disappointed. Definately not an Indian or Pakistani restaurant. Food is bland. Biryani is just plain bland masala rice made with afghan spice combo. Nan not good either. For people looking for authentic indian or pakistani place this is not the place.
I don't know what you are all talking about.  This place has horrible service and mediocre food.  The rice doesn't come with the mean and the naan is hard and thick as a rock. No thanks. I need to find a better place asap.  Nothing beats my wa place
I would not return here again, it was very unclean, and the servers ignored us all night. The food was horrible, way try dry on the chana. I still love the indian place next them.
The food was ok. We went on a Sunday night. It was an all buffet night but some of the items were already gone. We got there at around 6:15pm. They had plenty of naan and rice but the key items were gone. I got to taste a little bit of the masala chicken and that was the best out of all the dishes.   The place is very smoky inside as they do not have any exhaust for the extra smoke it seems. The servers didn't inform us about the buffet so we just sat there waiting for someone to help us until we flagged a server down and asked. I guess they just assumed we knew whatever the hell we were doing.   The servers are super slow and the girl that works there needs some vitamins or something because she looks really tired. They were taking kids in and out of the kitchen, sometimes without shoes on which kinda made me wanna hurl.  Oh, about that.., yes, I didn't hurl but I did go to the bathroom for a looooong time at around 11:30 that night. You get the idea. I am giving them 2 stars and not one because none of the other people at our table got sick. Just me.
As I sit here on an average day in Eugene I'm reviewing all the middling sort of restaurants that are sitting here on my to-review backlog.   Pak is an interesting hole in the wall place that's a little hard to locate. Mango Lassi here is excellent and raised no qualms from me here. But the mixed large grill platter was an underwhelming array of 3 varieties of chicken and beef kebab. (To be fair I should have ordered a curry or any of the more tantalizing dishes on the menu but I went with a generic plate with a group of friends)  All four kinds of kebab were pretty meh and each bite was more of a slog than a race for the next one. It tasted more like a Costco meal then a fine tuned dish with savory, tender, tasty elements. Aka alotta quantity and not a lot of quality.
Not a bad place. The food serving size is average. I got a seekh kebab and a beef kebab (something like boti or tikka?). Both were flavorful but not much food, for $12.99. I guess its expensive because it is halal, but that does not mean anything to me. I can't give more than 2 stars because it is not a great value; the service is just OK, my order came out wrong the first time around so I was annoyed because I was hungry and it took over 15 mins.; AND the food is too spicy. I love spicy food. I know I can take a lot of heat, and know enough about Scoville units. This place, while the food is flavorful with exotic tastes and spices, makes their food too spicy to be beyond what normal people expect. I can give 3 stars but that would mean I am saying it is good and just right. The food is good and flavorful, BUT too spicy, so in good conscience I cannot give it a 3 star rating and then people will think it's great then get their tongues burned. AND they refill drinks for a buck more, and no water offered.
This place was horrid. The two guys were arguing with one another as we walked in, thus ignoring us for a while. There was tons of dirt and trash under the tables that one of the employees began sweeping everywhere. I can't believe this all happened. Never again for me.
This place is the worst place I have been to in a while. It seems like the guy that was handling cash was trying to make money off of us for every little thing. The signs all on the strip and everywhere in the front clearly has a meal that includes rice and salad in the picture for 6.99 but the guy said that they don't do that any more. And on top of the that they added an extra dollar charge inside. So why do you guys still have the sign up?! The meals on the menu have "all the kabobs come with sides" and yet the guy wants to charge us more for sides. They have a outdated menu which they do not honor. The customer service is horrible. It's pretty much no service or the bare minimum to get the customers money. I do no recommend coming to this place at all.
Where to begin... I am a long time yelp user, but I have never written a review before now. This place is so bad that I had to sign up just so I can give it one star. I wish I could give it zero.  It took almost an hr to get the food and although they say it's made fresh, it was definitely not worth the hr wait. The cashier guy even tried to rip us off by adding extra charges for items that are advertised on their menu to come with the dish. when confronted he just quickly gave us $1 (suppose to be $1.49) to shut us up and had the audacity to expect a tip. Very poor customer service and food was below average and highly overpriced.  The rant could continue, but I'll leave it with this warning: the taco place next door is amazing, and even though the line is intimidating GO THERE. AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS
If you want to meet a rude cashier n  staff go visit this place.  food is very lame n tasteless .
This is the worst restaurant I have EVER been to. I would give it negative stars if it was possible. Very unprofessional, food was horrible, and overall experience was horrible. I would avoid this place at all costs. I would eat dirt before I eat at this place again.
Worst food ever!!! The service is terrible and the food is awful!! We ordered the beef kebab and what we got was a dry too salty beef, 2 spoon of dry and old rice and 3 leaf of salad.   Worst middle eastern food I ever got!
BAD SERVICE. Is it possible to give negative stars? My family and I came in for lunch and the owner was very rude. When I asked a question about the menu, he had a bad attitude. He raised his voice at me when I told him I didnt receive the plate of rice I ordered. The food was not good We ordered pizza, kabobs, salad, chicken tikka masala. And another chicken dish. No one like their food. I would never come back here again and hope I  can save someone  from a horrible experience. Go somewhere else!
We were walking back to the hotel and decided just to stop and try some place.  This is a small restaurant.  There were a few people in there so we decided to try it.  We ended up ordering a chicken pizza, go figure.  It took almost 30 minutes!!  The pizza turned out to be ok.  The owner/person at the cash register was really rude though.  He didn't seem to care and was like he was bothered that we couldn't decide what we wanted.  I didn't try any of the other food, we ended up taking the pizza to go.  The food wasn't that great where I would put up with the owner's rudeness.  I would rather give my money to someone who actually wants my business
Bland food. Very late service. Gave one rating coz it wouldnt let me give a zero rating.
Food tastes good but the customer service is pathetic. Management should hire more staff. The place is not at all hygienic, the glasses weren't washed cleanly and were smelling. I wasn't impressed with the overall service.
Any business that ran out of food should NOT be open and offer to take any costumer or their money when they don't have the food they are advertising in their menu! That said here is why I gave them one star considering the Copper Kettle's Mixed Grill itself was acceptable to eat.  I got there on a Sunday evening around 7:45pm. A young friendly gentlemen received me with a smile and things seemed pleasant! It took a while for him to get to my order considering there was 6 people at the place. Then he informed me that he didn't have anything I was ordering due to a busy day. So I settled with what they had and here is what I got.  The Nan "bread made fresh at the restaurant " and they claim is the best was UNCOOKED and doughty"   The Doodh Lassi "a yogurt drink that can be sweet or salty" I ordered the salty one was so SALTY it was undrinkable. It had so much salt you could float on it. "NOW it may not be a drink most people in Tempe may find palatable but I grew up drinking it so I KNOW how much salt should be in it... it should NOT gag you like salt water!  NO chutney or any side condiment normally associated with Indian or Pakistani food present.... anything I asked they replayed "sorry we ran out" or we don't have it... is like going to a pizza place and asking for Parmesan or crushed peppers and to be told we don't carry any of them??? WHAT??? I am not sure what kind of clientele they get normally but it was insulting to me when they pretend what they had to offer is the experience I should have had... Like I never done this before.... I asked for hari chutney and he was trying to pass a watered down Raita with out cucumbers for it... ??? unbelievable...   The only waiter there was trying hard (I want to give him credit) but so ill equipped I felt sorry for him... Shame on the owners for leaving the guy to fend for himself like however I wasn't' sorry for the $18 bill I payed for food they didn't have and the uncooked Nan that was their claim to be the best.   I also asked to dilute my Doodh Lassi drink so it was drinkable. it took 20 minute with only 6 people in the place and almost at the end of my meal a mango pickle plate was offered to me. So to be clear it took the man 40 minute to find the pickle jar they didn't have!  at this moment 30 people walked into the place... I saw the waiters face go blank and I knew they would not be able to serve them properly they couldn't handle 7 at this time but nobody said a word to this big group that just walked in the place.... and they seated the group... I had to get up and go to the cash register to pay for my meal and I stood there a good 10 minutes while the waiter jumped table to table telling them what he had or not....   A disaster! just a disaster! I waisted one hour and 20 minute for food that wasn't worth it.
I've recently been trying to find a cool place to play shuffleboard in North Phoenix.  I was trying to find a place to hang out near my bro's house so we could go hang out for a bit and have a beer.  I found Brennan's online and noted that they had shuffleboard.  WIN WIN!!  The review said that the staff was friendly and called you "honey" even if it was the first time you had ever been there.  BANG!  sounds like my kinda joint, so  i called my bro and said, "hey man, let's go to this joint by your house and play some shuffleboard and have a beer".  So, off we went.  I got there and when I approached the bar, the bartender looked at me like I was from Mars. I said hello, FIRST. She says Hi.  Then I said "How's it going?"  I felt like I was demonstrating to her how to greet a customer. So I ordered drinks, asked for shuffleboard disks and some menus. I was told that I could grab my own menu and that if I wanted something, I needed to come back and order.  Cool,  no biggie,  but no points for hospitality there.  No real attempt at gaining some sort of an EARNED tip, no prob, it's only my first impression of the place.  SO,  we play some shuffle board.  5 red disks, 3 blue, that's all they have and the shuffleboard table was not in proper working order and it wasn't like the guy sitting on his butt in the office right there was gonna check on us to see if everthing was okay.  So, it don't matter, we's having some beers and it's all good.  We get hungry and decide to look at the menus.  The menus said that THURSDAY was Indian Fry Bread day. Apparently, I am told that they haven't done that IN A LONG TIME.  I guess they didn't get around to changing the menu, but hey it's only my first impression of the joint.  Glad the regulars love it, they can have it.  Oh and I agree with a former poster about the Irish draw of the place.  I thought it was gonna be an Irish place,  not even close.  Crappy hospitality, limited beer menu etc......
We ate at Brennan's last night.  The waitress did not write our order down, and my husband had some special requests.   The meal came, and all requests were ignored.  In addition, it was cold.   My husband complained, and was brought another serving of beans.  However, because of the food on the original plate, he was not able to eat his entire meal.  We did talk to the waitress about the importance of customer service and how disappointed we were.
I loved coming here on Saturdays for sex trivia. However, there is this one waiter that would always serve us that was completely rude, smart mouthed, and just an all around bad attitude. I was just in utter shock how a person that relies on tips for their living could be so rude. Since the last encounter with him, we haven't been back. It's a real shame because I really enjoyed hanging out there.
Horrible horrible service. Beer and food is great, neighborhood bar so it's convenient. Went in today for my last time. They were short handed which I could understand, but the managers were even terrible. Server never brought our food, let alone check on us. I had to get up to get a beer, napkins, plates, etc. Had to basically yell and wave my arms just to get the check...we complained about the service only to get a "thumbs up" and a smile then walked away....LITTERALLY. No joke. The manager kept saying he would get our server to us, which never happened. All tables around us were just as unsatisfied.  Too bad for them, I know after today many people will not be back.
Really bad service Kaitlyn is horrible This place  is a dump they mess up people's orders a lot  It's old and like a ghost town which speaks volumes plus the unattractive bartender tried to hit on me  I would not recommend the food or the atmosphere
I was disappointed in my experience at Fado Irish Pub.  My friends have really enjoyed Fado for lunch in the past and so I thought I would give it a try for St. Paddy's.  Probably a mistake going to a very busy Irish pub on St. Patrick's Day but I thought it would be fun to check out the live music under the tent and reasonably priced Killian's Irish Red.  It wasn't the immense crowd that make me unhappy, but the fact that on a day when Fado knows they are going to be turning a huge profit, they still charged a $15 cover charge just to get in and wait in line for 20 minutes for a cup of beer.  In principle I usually refuse to pay a cover charge but my friends and I had already made plans to meet another friend there and so we felt obligated to stay.  Plus, the doorman said that I would be receiving a $10 gift card for entering, really only making my cover charge $5.  Too bad he didn't mention that you had to spend $20 on items other than alcohol in order to get the $10 discount.  That's not called a gift certificate, that is a coupon.  By the time my other friend arrived only 30 minutes after I did, the line was so long (around the block!) that she would have to wait at least an hour to enter, so all of us ended up leaving and going to another restaurant/bar.  $15 per head cover when you already know you are going to turn a huge profit is just greedy.  On a positive note, there was no line for the ladies room inside of the bar due to the crowd control at the door. Perhaps contributing to my negative attitude is the fact that I am possibly just getting too old for this kind of experience, with the meat-market atmosphere and drunk idiots everywhere.  If you are young and looking to hook up, this might be just the place!  Next St. Patrick's I will probably go somewhere more low-key where there is no cover charge.
we went here twice and on both occasions we left because the service was so bad. The first time the pregnant waitress told my boyfriend she wouldn't get him beer because he had been drinking already, ummmm isn't this an IRISH PUB? I was driving i hadn't had a thing to drink and in his defense he hadn't given her a reason to deny him a drink. The second time was this past St. Patty's day, the radio station was there and it cost us $30 cover to get in, w/o any drinks btw then we get up to the bar and its slam packed every one around us is getting served except my Bf and I. we waited for 45 minutes watched all these people who walked up after us get served and us not. The bartender was Liam i still remember his name, he made eye contact with me and completely ignored me??? I was so upset we just left and said never again...
The last couple times Sean and I have popped around here, we've been very sorely disappointed.   Gone is our cute little watering hole pub that we used to frequently hang out in, and instead we find that the place has become very fiscally greedy and capitalistic.   I'm just not willing to pay cover for an off-the-strip pub. I loved me some Fado's but sadly, it's no longer the place I had grown to love.   Oh well. Luckily I live right near a Lee's Discount Liquor, and have an extremely nice view from my balcony. Getting plastered at home is much more fun anyway.
Overpriced drinks served by lousy inept bartenders.
Walked in here on a pub crawl around Madison. Not impressed. The service was horrible, even at an almost empty bar. We finished our beer and moved on.
The place seem to ONLY serve as a quick stop for people attending a downtown event to get a drink or two prior to the event (The Dodge Theater, Suns or Diamondbacks).  Crowds come early and leave soon there after ... some may return after the event but I wouldn't count on it.  The peeps are either sports fans and/or music fans that enjoy seeing a show sitting down in a cushy seat (i.e. The Dodge Theater).  The fish dinner is good and Brittany the waitress even better (I'm a "big fan") ... but all-in-all ... not my cup of tea.
Seamus is a dive hole in the wall. I have been drinking there for almost a decade. Everything is overpoured, and you can fall off a barstool here and nobody will care. I've seen fights break out, been in fights, lost wallets on the walk home, etc. That said... it's my kind of place, just crappy enough to be awesome. I don't recommend the food, but if you want to go out with friends and really tie one off this is the place!
Going into this place really teleports you to an east coast bar/pub  Unfortunetly the local customers are not what you expect to see in an east coast bar/pub  No obvious cops shooting the shit after a shift, frankly not a lot of people at all. Of the two bars that shared the McCaffrey name. this bar is by far the lesser of the two. From what I've heard Seamus doesn't even own this place anymore. Maybe that is part of the problem...  Police patches adorn the bar..so I'm surprised to not see any police.  There used to be a large collections of lepperchans, I didn't see them last time I went (pub crawl) but I did see a friend from another bar...that was cool. Other then that..i will continue to stay clear of Seamus McCaffery's.   Sorry Bud.  may ye luck be at anothee Baah
I have read a few reviews here and some rate this place pretty high despite their feedback on this place.  This place is probably one of the only Irish hell holes in Phoenix that resemble those nasty pubs from the ghettos back east.  Dark inside with unfriendly asshole bartenders, and the waitresses seem to run like chickens with there heads cut off when ever your in for lunch or a concert night at the dodge.  The food is definitely not a love maker, I can only imagine the old cookers and fryers that produce a less than average fish and chips and stale Fries.. UUURGGHH   Only reason they get two stars? There are cool bike guys that will shuttle  you to the dodge for a concert.  Stay Classy!
just say no.  this place is truly awful.  too bad it's taking up valuable space on monroe.
This review is based on the place as a drinking establishment. I have not tried their food, but have been here twice on Saturday nights and was not impressed by either experience.  The bar area is a bit tight and very loud. It's nearly impossible to have a conversation. The music is decent, though as someone else mentioned, very little of it is Irish. On my last visit, I realized the drink prices are high and the bartenders, perhaps not trustworthy.  My friend had opened our tab and thorughout the night I had 2 drinks while he had 4 - that's a TOTAL of 6 drinks, all wells. After closing the tab, he came over and told me the total bill - $60!!!!  I marched up to the bar to see how that could be and found they had added 4 more drinks to the tab, as well as charging an extra 1$ per drink because we'd asked for them tall (meaning a little more soda - most places don't charge for this). The bartender did not want to go through the hassle of voiding the CC transaction and instead said he'd refund us cash. The first refund was only for 2 drinks so we went back to ask about the rest. He said "oops" and gave us a refund for the other 2. We gave up and left at that point, but there still was no refund on the added $1 for those for drinks or the total tip which was based on a $60 bill that should have been $36.   I may be venting more than reviewing now, but take heed here and review your bill before paying it!
Ordered the mushroom burger, they put canned mushrooms on the burger. Gross! The patty melt was good. But it's really hard to mess up a patty melt. My salad had a bug in it.  Service was nice. And they do have a yummy cider beer.
Stopped in here before a Diamondbacks game, because we had just learned that the Copper Door (located a few feet away) was no longer in business.  Hey, it really smelled like a bar... but it is a bar, so good job!  The fish and chips were OK.  The Irish stew was OK.  The Blue Moon had a big wedge of orange, and it was great.  They had bottled Bud Light.  And the review from "suneel t." wonderfully described the patrons.
2nd stop off the rail pup crawl.. a little walk, nice place for regulars but they did not seem to like having a large excited group there. The server was good, the drinks were good and the price was good.   The restroom stunk like old piss.
This place is a hole in the wall, and in this case that's not a positive. The food was nothing I'd go out of my way to have again if I'm ever in town again. To top it all off, the sole server the night of my was very rude. She complained a lot about having to deal with a large group (despite the fact that it also probably meant a large tip), as well as a number of other things. I'm sorry we ruined her night by bringing in a bunch of business on what was an otherwise slow night. Food was nothing special.
Went here for lunch, was super excited about getting into some Irish cuisine, but left with my hopes and dreams shattered.  I started off the evening with a delicious and refreshing tall glass of the one and only Guiness beer, off the tap of course.  It was amazing as usual.  5 stars.  Next I ordered a shepard's pie, which I'd actually been craving for quite some time.  When it came to me I knew there was going to be some problems.  It was tiny, and looked like something I could whip up in my kitchen in no more than 5 min.  And I guess that's all they did in the back of the bar, with little to no effort, it tasted as much.  Minus one star.  I was still hungry, so I decided to order another meal figuring it was still early and I could just eat the leftovers for dinner.  I elected the corned beef and cabbage.  5 min later I received an impostor.  This was no corned beef I've ever seen.  It was instead a shaved meat that tasted kinda like it, with obviously CANNED potatoes, surrounded with an abundance of cabbage and now I'm upset.  Minus two stars.  This is a PUB, NOT A RESTAURANT.  Guiness was great, food sucked big time.
I wanted to like this place, it has a lot going for it. -awesome location -perfect ambience -spot on decor -good standard irish pub beers on tap but sadly prices were a little high, and our bar tender wasnt very attentive a smithwicks and a newcastle set me back $11 + tip this was during happy hour no less pffffff weak
The atmosphere is faux irish pub. The beers are slightly overpriced. All this could be forgiven if not for the terrible service. The waitresses were rude. Apparently serving customers was not part of their job description. Requests for service were repeatedly ignored and this cannot be blamed on a full crowd because the bar was half full at best.  Choose another spot for a truly friendly irish pub where the beers are cheap and everyone has to sing a song :)
Seamus is quick sort of, easy sort of, and its not bad. There always seems to be a group of douche bags at the entry that might be security, might just be guys who are friends with the bar staff. Either way in three trips, they were always there and annoying as hell.   The food is...meh (to quote my rating). I had the Chicken Parmesan, I am pretty sure it was Chicken tenders. Either way it was not anything special.   Not a bad place to go to before going to a game or show. It won't be as busy as the spots right down town. If it is busy though, don't wait. You'll only get angry that you waited.
I can't decide which is worse...the food or the service. Actually, yes I can. The service bites big time. For a table of eight, you'd think you might wanna check back once, maybe even twice. Or at least make eye contact for Pete's sake! As for the food, the Shepherd's pie is a big No! How can you mess up Shepherd's pie? It was similar to Sloppy Joes or Hamburger Helper? Hey, maybe it's Sloppy Joe Hamburger Helper???The Chicken Boxty was not bad with big chunks of bell pepper-yum-but I think I detected a tinny flavor to the chicken. I wonder if they buy Chicken-in-a-Can @ Costco. Seriously??? The waitress STILL is not back!  Okay, I've simmered down since I originally drafted this. The service did suck, the food was okay, but what do we expect from a pseudo Irish bar, anyhow? :)
ate a salad here and half a turkey sandwich.  later became violently ill, will never eat here again!
Kind of a forgettable experience as far as Irish pubs go. I don't remember much about it. Bland at best...
If you're into dive bars/Irish pubs, you'll love Seamus'. I'm not. I went with a few friends after the Rattlers game, and yeah .. not my scene. But the guys I was with that LOVE that sort of thing, rave about this place.
6th stop of the dine around.   Group rated it at 1, I'm bumping it up since I really didn't think it was that bad, just not our type of place.   We came in and were told to seat ourselves, and just ordered the shepherd's pie. Our friend who ordered it was not a fan, but I didn't think it was bad. I'd never had shepherd's pie (a lot of firsts happened for me today), but it didn't resemble anything I was expecting. I actually thought it was pretty good  Though it looks like this place is pretty divey, but a good place to come watch a game or hang out with your buddies
Just ah. I'm not sure why some are raving about the fish and chips. I'm not expecting the quality of fish and chips I experienced in Ireland but I've been to pubs state-side who can do it a lot better than Sesamus McCaffrey's. The breading is very heavy and oily. You can tell they either came out of a bag and fried or a very heavy hand was used with a flour-based bredding. Beer batter makes for a lighter, crispier batter which is a fish and chips signature, and this dish doesn't fit the bill.  The potatoe skins wern't much better. Tasted out of a bag with some cheese and bacon bits (not real bacon pieces) thrown on top with a side of sour cream.  The tables felt really crowded together. The person's chair behind me was touching mine which made dinner awkward. Either the chairs were very low or the tables were high because I felt like I was sitting very low in relation to the table.   I will give them credit for a very nice server and having some local beers on tap. I would say skip the food and come here for a few beers.
Main course was great app was bad... The manager was not very interested in my opinion on app. Her comment was "well that's how we make them here. "
Hey just FYI, try the potato skins, nasty made with imitation bacobits! Frozen potato skins as well. Other food was predictable.good price.
Slow and unfriendly service.  Food is so so. Took 20 minutes just to get drinks.
This is just another trash bar in downtown. The service was so bad we did not even get past the first drink. Not only was the place dirty it smelled the way it looked. We decided to have a beer and play darts but, that was a mistake. They give us 6 of the same yellow darts which fall apart in your hand and act as though they are a gold. I went up to explain that we needed another dart cause they are falling apart one of the tips bounced somewhere in the bar. I was told not only am I not getting another dart but if I don't find the tip, I'm not getting my drivers license back. We immediately handed the darts back, demanded the license and left. There are much better places to spend your money.
The worse "Steak &Guinness Stout Boxty" -SUPER SALTY! The service, not attentive and outright dismissive.  Absolutely not a place to come back if you are trying to get a decent meal.   AVOID IT IF YOU CAN!
upon entry it is immediately evident this is a 'pee anywhere' establishment, complete w/ pee pee scented pint glasses. stay away from the black & yellow.
Beware how much $$$ you give the bartender, likes to shortchange ya! Never that drunk that I don't know how much I am due back :(
Just ate lunch here today and while the food was OK--but tending toward flavorless--I thought the service was rather brusque. Also they charge you $1 for a slice of bread if you want it. I get the charge, but at least toss in 2 slices of bread for a dollar.
If you are a veteran, I ask that you do not spend your money here! Last night I sat and listened to some d-bags here committing blatant acts of stolen valor! When I punched holes in their stories, and said "get out of here, you're not a veteran," to one of them, the bartender bounced me. Then one of the patrons said the bouncer was a vet. When I asked him if it was true, he just gave me a blank stare. Seems he isn't, but is allowing people to think he is. Why are there so many posers in Phoenix?! I am hoping to get the VFW and Stolen Valor involved. Businesses should not be perpetrating this violation against veterans!  SSG M
Cool place. Totally dig the neighborhood pub vibe.  Unfortunately, the service is absolutely awful. The bartenders and waitresses are pretty rude and generally pretend like they didn't hear you when you've asked them three times for the same thing
This place is expensive and the food sucks.The corned beef was cold and looked like it had been sitting out all day. It is like an Irish TGI Fridays.
Being of Irish decent, and having toured Ireland in the 80's, this doesn't make my list of good Irish pubs. The atmosphere is nice, I'll give them that.  Although they tout that the bar itself was made in Ireland and imported to that location, it looks nothing like the bars I saw in Ireland. Go there for the alcochol is my recommendation.  Guiness is Guiness no matter where you get it.  I thought the food was lousy. I had the Shepherd's Pie, and I sent it back. The pub does occupy a good location on Mill Avenue, so if you don't like it, you don't have to walk far to find someplace else.
This was a very bizarre land of contradiction. It really seemed unclear as to whether this was supposed to be a bar that served food and had bands, a restaurant that had douches and band, a venue that also had food, etc.   They then told us we could sit at the only table there, or not. They were still serving food, no they weren't yes they were.  Maybe it was our bad for going for dinner, but what was the cover for? The alleged entertainment certainly didn't earn it.    Food was ok, i suppose, as long  the other choice was Chef Boyardee, The staff was oblivious, over loaded, and disorganized. The whole experience reminded me why I was skeptical to begin with.
A friend of mine plays there on Mondays...so we wanted to surprise him and go watch him play.  So I called about 3pm to find out what time he goes on.  Here's how the conversation went:  Me: **ring ring** Rula: This is Steve Me: Hello is the Rula Bula Rula: Yeah Me:  I was just wondering what time Shelby goes on tonight? Rula: I don't even know.  Probably 9, 9:30, 10 Me: Can you get me someone who can find out? Rula: No, there are no managers here. (He hung up at this point)  I don't know about you, but that was not customer service at all.   So I waited an hour, called again.  This time got a girl.  I knew she would be better then the last guy cause she answered the phone..."Thank you for calling Rula Bula.  How can I help you."  Much better then, "This is steve".   She told me exactly what time Shelby went on and let me know that they serve food til 10p.  So we got there about 8:30p.  Ordered drinks and food.  Was enjoying ourselves until the server came over and told us she was going to have to close our tab because she was leaving.  That is one of my biggest pet peeves, when I am forced to close my tab cause that person wants to go home.  Why can't my tab just be transfered to someone else?    So we're enjoying music and the bartender comes to clear our glasses and my friend ask her if he could have another stella.  She doesn't say anything and just walks away.  15 mins later we're looking for her to find out about the stella, we make eye contact with her from our table and motion for the stella.  She points to the end of the bar.  Apparently she served it when we ordered it and then just left it at the bar and never said anything to us.    I used to like hanging out at Rula Bula, but it seems that lately it's gotten expensive and the service has gone to shit.  I don't know why they tell you that the pints of beer at $4.50, when they are actually $5.50.  I won't go back anytime soon.  I'll stick to Fibbers and The HatRack Pub.
Formerly a favorite, definitely gone downhill.  Primarily due to managers who seem to feel like they are doing you a favor by allowing you to spend your money, and oh yes, its a lot of money.  You want a real Irish Pub, go to Casey Moore's and skip the attitude
when i first walked in i had to honestly contimplate whether i could stomache the atrocious stench of the place... it smelled like an old molded book. and then my husband and i recieved no attention by any staff members... we felt awkward being there.  long story short we went to darcy mgees and we were so glad we did.
I've been to better, much better, pubs in my lifetime with much better atmosphere and attitudes, but... It's good when you need what they have. I have to agree that it has certainly lost a little of something in the past few years, but Rula Bula still seems to make decent fish & chips, shepherd's pie and boxty (their self-proclaimed specialty). It's on Mill, so if you're there during the weekend afternoons, expect kids. Lots and lots of kids. I like kids. I teach kids. I don't want to see kids when I go to a pub or bar. I especially don't want to see kids when I'm in Tempe sitting on the patio enjoying a smoke and a beer. But hey, it's Tempe. It's Mill on a Saturday afternoon, what the heck should I be expecting, right? Pretty much the only reason I care to come here anymore is the food (or because my mom still loves it and wants to meet up for lunch). It could use a "new coat of paint," so to speak, though. And by that I mean they should try to rough up their image a little, lower their prices and stock more (better) beers.
When thinking of Irish pubs, I know we all have the same image in our head....a bunch of popped collar, frat boy douchebags trying to out cool each other and find the stupidest, skinniest girl in the room right?   No, really, you see misty green hills, friendly barkeeps, and a nice, welcoming crowd?  Apparently the people running Rula Bula have either never been to Ireland, or come from County Jerkface....because this pub is about as Irish as Ceaser Chavez.  Where is the friendly atmosphere?  Actually where is ANY atmosphere?  Where is the friendly service?  Where is the tasty Irish fare?    Actually, Rula Bula is great - every once in a while, I just simply feel TOO good about myself.  I get too confident and comfortable, and I really need to be bitch-slapped back to reality.  When this happens, a quick trip to Mill and a visit to this pub can make anyone feel terrible.  Such a waste of awesome real estate, and yeah, the little signs and kitchy stuff they have is cute.  But Irish pub, you are kidding me.  Rula Bula you can Pg mo thin!
Do not come here if u actually drink anything other than beer. They use a shot measurer & pour exactly 1 shot for a $6 drink. Cheap asses! I've watched a few bartenders do perfect pours on the Guinness so that's a little impressive. The food is okay and the service is okay.  The main thing going for this place is the patio and people you come with. It's in a pretty convenient location so it's not too far for people to meet up when coming from different parts of the Valley.
Rula has one of the most incoherent door staff ever, they are all "career" door guys. Pushing 40's door down. Get a life. Seconded of all, I had one of the most impersonal bartenders I think I have ever met. I'm assuming its because I didn't have a huge set of tits flopping around while drinking my blacksmith. Anyhow,  I will give it to Rula that they have some good live music-but if you make your way past the swarm of bros and hoes-you might just enjoy yourself a smidgen  All n all- not a fan.
We were double billed and the service was horrible. We sat on the patio and were completely ignored for 15 minutes until my husband got up and got our beers at the bar. The table next to us seemed to have no trouble getting them tobring their drinks however. Perhaps they were friends with the staff?  I've been here for dinner before as well and while the food is decent I'm not overly impressed. Having been to my fair share of Irish pubs in Ireland this is not a good representation. It is definately an American idea of an Irish pub and it is appropriately overpriced for the "tourists". I'll go to the pub down the street for better service and a true Irish feel from now on.
Granted this place is probably known for their beer and not their food, but really, how hard is it to supply some decent food?  I tried two appetizers - both were not good and both overpriced. I'm not a huge fan of greasy fried food so can't speak for their fish and chips.  In terms of service, one waiter was really nice but we were passed around to different waiters and I can't say that the others were helpful at all.  My recommendation would be - don't eat here.
very authentic but thats about it badly poured guinness and awful bangers and mash bartender was friendly but dont think ill be returning
I admit a 1 star is a bit harsh, but I am rating the Shepherds PIe.  If you have McBar shipped over from Ireland and serve Guinness, congrats to you and the hundreds if not thousands across the country to do the same.   Doesn't make you authentic.    Now for the Shepherds Pie.  Gross.  Totally inedible, so I didn't eat it.   Btw, Sheep need a Shepherd.  Cows need a cowboy.  Shepherds pie is made with LAMB!  Either way this was gross.  The waitress was very nice and took it off the bill and I had some bacon-wrapped shrimp so I wasn't starving.  The Guinness was fine.
I'm not sure what all of the buzz is about because this place wasn't that great! I had the grilled cheese and it was hard and dry!  There was this nasty drunk guy who sat across from our table and it was quite sickening! I will not be going back!
This place used to rock. I come here every once and a while to enjoy a great time, however, I had the unfortunate experience of meeting Lindsay the cocktail waitress. Her appalling service and pretentious attitude was more than enough to make me never want to come back here again. And if that wasn't enough she said I was a fire hazard by standing 10 feet from the door, AND LATER she told me to expect bad service by asking directions to the restroom. I no longer consider this the Tempe Ireland experience , as I remember that country had nice people. Next time I'll just head to the fox.
The food here is good. Expensive though.  The Guinness pours are good. Expensive though.  Good whiskey selection...noticing a trend?  This place is expensive, especially for what it is. I mean, it is an 'authentic' Irish bar, brought piece by piece from Ireland...but aren't they all now? There are so many 'authentic' Irish bars that there is actually a cottage industry in salvaging pieces of Irish pubs and sending the pieces to America.   I don't think it should mean that everything is $2 more than it should be.   The food is good though!
Odd Happy Hour. Terrible food.  The only time in my life I've ever seen a group order chicken wings and not finish them.  I mean, that's saying something isn't it?    Two stars because they have Guinness on tap and it's a convenient location so I always seem to end up there when I am in Tempe, even though it's not very good.  Note to self: beer only next time.
This review is heightened by their selection of alcohol on tap.  I am a Magners kind of girl.  Therefore, this place makes me very happy.  We had dinner here last night, the food leaves much to be desired.  Not sure when they won best fish & chips, but they're not very good.  I'm looking forward to trying some other places.  Overall, I think Rula Bula is worth it for happy hour drinks and apps, but not for an actual meal.  It's not much like an actual Irish pub, which is depressing.  I love pubs, and this doesn't meet the mark.
Went to Rula on an ASU football game Friday.  I don't think they put an ounce of thought into their business levels or needs of their customers.  I get there and the front entrance is closed off and there is a sign that says to use another entrance.  The arrow pointed in one direction but the entrance was actually in the back so there's one fail for directing traffic.  I finally get to the back entrance and it's understandably busy.  The bar on the patio is swamped so I expected to wait a minute to put in a drink order.  I stood there for 5 minutes (timed) and it wasn't until a female friend of mine walked over (didn't wave or draw attention to herself, just simply walked up) that we were acknowledged and asked what we needed.  Coincidence?  Not sure and I don't care!  We get our drinks and when it was time for round 2, I waited 9, yes, 9 minutes to order.  Again, same friend walked up and viola, "what can I get you guys?".  The bartenders seemed friendly enough but they had ZERO sense of urgency and apparently had some fixation with the right side of the bar because they were helping existing and new customers over there while I waited.  One guy (older) who was bartending and was moving at a snail's pace.  This held up the other guys from pouring their drinks so to pass the time along, they were all joking around with each other instead of acknowledging their customers (yours truly) and letting us know it would be a minute.  Laughable.  Another couple were waiting and discussing how bad the service was as well.  They got so irritated they ordered their drinks, slammed them down and left.  If you're looking for a low key place to get a drink, I would only recommend this spot if it's dead slow or if every other bar on Mill is closed!  PASS!
I never really had a chance to see how this place was because they made a terrible first impression. I came here for a friend's 21st birthday and I wasn't even allowed to drink. Supposedly the bouncer said I was too 'tipsy" in line so by the time I got inside I was not allowed to order a drink. I tried to order a drink anyways and as I looked behind me I saw that there were two security guards practically babysitting me, making sure the bartender did not serve me. The hilarity behind this whole charade was that I was not even drunk. I do not understand one bit why the security guards had to treat me as an adolescent. I would not recommend this place one bit if you are looking to just relax and have a good time as you might find yourself being babysat and then escorted out of the establishment for no reason. "Even if you are looking to spend some good money and have a GOOD time."
I went here a few weeks ago on a Friday night after I got off of work.  I guess I should start by saying that the only reason I gave this review 2 stars instead of 1 is because Rula Bula covered my friends tab the next day when he went back to settle the situation.  My friends and I had been there for about an hour before it was time for last call.  One of my friends had opened a tab, and upon attempting to pay it and retrieve his card, he was told that the system was down and that he was going to have to wait until the following morning to get his card back.  In fact, there were about 10 people still waiting at the back bar by 230 who were trying to pay their tabs and get cards back.  I had cash on me and even offered to PAY MY FRIEND'S TAB AND EVEN LEAVE A TIP, just so we could get his card back and go home!!  Then, when I explained to the manager that it was illegal for him to hold my friend's card over night, he said "Thank you inquisitor" and told me he didn't need a lesson in the law!  Then when I told him I did not think it was befitting of a manager to talk to a customer in his establishment that way he just dismissed me as drunk and walked off in huff and went back in the building!  At that point, an employee who was still out by the back bar even suggested that my friends and I go get a police officer to settle the issue!  I work down the street from these guys and I would never want to bring the cops into someones place like that.  However,  I can honestly say that it is because of my experience with the manager that night at Rula that I even created this Yelp account.  I will never go to that bar again.  If you want a good pub setting with a good staff go to Casey Moore's on Ash just off of University.
Expensive and crowded. Not fun.
This is like the worst chain restraint, a nice barmaid but everything you hate to see on a night out otherwise. an embarrassment to the Irish bar name. go to olive garden instead
Over the last year, I've noticed a rapid decline in the quality of service at Rula Bula. It used to be my favorite place to wash away my college woes, but now I don't ever want to go back.  On a Friday night in May I was out celebrating a friend's birthday with a group of 10-12 people. We were all ordering food, booze and overall having an excellent time. When time comes to mosey on home, the waitress informs me that my credit card has been lost. Problem #1: If a guest's credit card is lost, a manager should always come discuss this with the guest, not the server.  The waitress, Maddie, was horrified and worried, and suggested I leave my phone number with her so if she found it she could call me. She also gave me a comped beer, which I later found out wasn't comped but a beer she paid for herself. True true to her word I received a phone call shortly after close that night. For a variety of reasons, I was unable to pick up my card for a few days. Because of this Rula Bula put a pending charge on my credit card for $25 because my card was "left overnight".  Problem #2: management. In conversing with the manager via email, I received excuses, and was told several times that I was wrong about the credit card charges about which I complained, even after verifying them multiple times with my card company. In my emails I also listed several shortcomings I had noticed regarding the level of service, and received absolutely no input from the manager.  There's no excuse for poor service, lost cards, non-comped drinks after such an egregious mistake, and no real apology. The managers really don't seem to care, which is an attitude that rubs off on many of the employees, save for Maddie.   I'm sad to say goodbye to the best Guinness in town, but I simply can't keep justifying the poor service and lack of concern for customer satisfaction.
Oh Rula Bula, I hate that this is how my last visit turned out. As evidenced by my former review, you used to be my favorite bar on Mill until last Friday, June 15th. I decided to have my birthday party and moving away party at Rula Bula. You guys were charging cover and would not let me in for free even though it was the day of my birthday. Seriously? You guys must be the only place on Mill with that policy! So I paid because this is where I told all of my friends I'd be and I went inside. Well apparently you don't do well in the customer service training area because the red headed girl taking the money outside was sweet enough to call me a b*tch while my boyfriend was still right there. While workers will gripe about customers, it would most certainly bode well for you to tell your employees to at least wait until the whole party said person arrived with has gone inside because saying that in front of people doesn't really help build good customer relations.  The only upside is that Emily was good server, she was attentive, though our car bombs were skimpy. Over all I am saddened that I will have to find a new place to hold my coming back party when I come to see all of my friends.
Hate it.  Horrible.  Expensive.  Terrible drinks.  Rude bartenders.
I used to like this place despite the fact that the customer service was lacking.  But after last night's display of utter disrespect and unprofessionalism of the manager, I will no longer waste my money in this establishment.  How does an Irish Pub hire a fantastic traditional Irish folk singer, then stop them half way through their show, publicly accuse them of driving off the crowd (nevermind the fact that he brought in his own crowd) and to be rude enough to say "Maybe if you stop the crowd will come back."  And from what I've learned, this is NOT the first time management at Rula Bula has cut an act off mid-show and asked them to leave.  The professional thing to do would be to let them finish the show and then not ask them back if you didn't like them.  But no, that would be too tactful and nice for Rula Bula.  Give the talent the bum's rush in public.  Not only will I never set foot in Rula Bula again, I will spread the word to my 520+ friends on Facebook and ask them to do the same.  This was just an insult to watch.
Horrible, horrible place......rude management, lazy bartenders, stupid servers. The place literally stinks.......as for being an authentic Irish pub....me thinks not.....its about as Irish as a mexican taco stand and trust me i lived in Ireland for a long long time.....its as though they bought the interior from Irish pubs r us mail order catalog. Clientele are preppy student types with not a lot of gumption who easily buy into the faux "plastic paddy" facade.......if you want a real Irish experience i would suggest O'Connors on Dunlap or Tim Finnegans or Seamus Mc Caffreys in Downtown Phoenix......avoid this place at all costs.....pure and utter crap....
Okay it gets a star for the patio but that's about it.  The food is just ok.  The main reason I don't like this place though is due to my first experience here.  I was at a bachelorette party and I am not a big drinker so I only had a beer.  I watched as the waiter "bought" a round of shots of the girls.  They each had a mixed drink or two and they WAY overcharged the girls assuming they were too drunk to remember.  This has happened at another bachelorette party I went to as well. Maybe this is just an Arizona thing?  Every time the waiter "buys" rounds of shots and then charges the table.  Not to mention that the mixed drinks here are REALLY expensive.   If you are into the Mill crowd and you want a party I suppose this place works, but be aware of your drinks and make sure you are charged correctly.  Do not just "open a tab" here.
Sorry, Rula Bula.  You went from being my favorite bar, to one of the worst.  The people that take your money at the front are downright rude.  The guy with the round glasses tried to snatch the money out of my hands before I handed it to him which is NOT okay with me.  The new management is terrible.  Things used to run smoothly but now it seems as though it's always a mess.  One night we had to pay a cover and the bathrooms weren't even working.  REALLY?  There are far too many other places to spend my hard earned money; I'll take my business elsewhere.
Good place to go if you a fans of Irish type of beer and/or any types of dark/thick beer.  I can't really handle the dark beer so I tend to not go there if I don't have to.  They do charge covers to get in, so be sure to shell some more of your beer money for that, usually $10 and a long line especially on the weekends.  I would rather save my money for somewhere else.
Ah Rla Bla.  How far you have fallen in recent years.  What once was a warm, friendly and enjoyable "home pub" venue has changed over the last several years into a disorganized and seemingly mismanaged establishment.  If you are in any way familiar with Mill Avenue and Tempe, you likely know about and have been to Rla Bla.  It is a literal cornerstone of social and gastronomic life on Mill Avenue in Tempe. Having worked in Tempe for nigh on 15 years now, I've been a patron here for many a year.  Once the highlight of an office outing or a simple lunch with a friend or co-worker, the last several visits here have resulted in poor service and mediocre food.    We have a fairly large group to accommodate (10-15 people) and as such, always call ahead to make reservations.  Our last trip here at least started better than the last few (in which they completely forgot/ignored our reservations and ended up having to wait for them to clear customers and tables for us).  The tables were indeed ready for us upon the specified arrival time.  I was somewhat glad that we were on the back patio area, as the interior of the restaurant itself was overly warm.  Our reservation was for 15 and 14 of us were there within a few minutes of each other.  Drinks were fairly prompt, though all at the table commented that their drinks (from soda to water) all had an odd taste to them.  Perhaps the ice had been tainted with something?  Also the soda's were all very flat and watery.    We then proceeded to wait a good 20-30 minutes awaiting someone to return to our table and begin taking orders.  We finally flagged down one of the servers and his comment was along the lines of, "Oh, are you ready to order?"  Now, it's possible that they were waiting for our last person to show up.  Maybe.  However, any seasoned server knows that group luncheons are a dynamic event.  There are often times less or more than what the reservation is made for.  Some show up late, some leave early.  If it was in question, a simple "Are you all waiting for someone or are you ready to order" a few minutes into our arrival (like when they delivered the drinks) would have resolved this.    When a server finally did attend our table, his greeting was prefaced with the suggestion that we split our entire tab into 15 equal amounts to make it easier and faster for him to process upon completion of our meal.  Never in the whole of my gastrological life has a server suggested that we structure our payment in a fashion that is more convenient for them.  Be that as it may, we quickly discussed it and agreed to this.  We had already been there some time and as it was a work luncheon, didn't have a limitless amount of time.    Orders were taken and then the next long wait began.  An hour after arriving, our 15th member joined us and we still did not have our food.  Unfortunate or fortunate?  At least he got to eat with us, right?    Shortly after this, our food arrived.  For myself, I ordered the bangers and mash.  Pretty traditional dish for irish pub food.  Three half portions of bangers, served on a bed of mash with a red onion gravy.  Back in the day, my favorite choice here was actually their Pub Whiskey Burger.  They made a pub whiskey sauce that was phenomenal.  Sadly, it was removed from their menu a few years ago.    The bangers and mash is normally quite good but today it was fairly blas.  The sausages themselves were okay, could have used a bit more searing.  The mash was good but not very flavorful.  The gravy had no signs of onion in it.  And normally this dish is served with either the vegetable of the day or brussels sprouts with apples.  For some odd reason, mine came with... irish chips.  Sliced, fried potatoes to accompany my already sizable portion of mashed potatoes.    Curious choice for certain.  If there had been a question as to what I wanted, they should have asked me.  Under normal circumstances I would have asked for the normal veggies or sprouts to accompany my meal, but this long into the lunch, it just didn't seem worth the fuss.    Once we left, we pretty unanimously agreed that this was likely the last group luncheon that we would be having here.  It's sad to see such a storied establishment fall into disarray and mediocrity.  I hope they can make adjustments and improve.  Taken from their website, "Irish pubs are a retreat from the real world and at the heart of Rla Bla is the ready smile, the invitation to relax and enjoy good conversation, great food and drink, hospitality and humour."  This has not been our experience here in some time.  There is a lot of competition on Mill, which is only growing with the improving economy.  Robbie Fox's down the street has new ownership and will be re-opening as Public House on Third.  It also happens to be right next to our office building.  Where once we journeyed to the opposite end of Mill Avenue to patronize Rla Bla, we may find ourselves having our luncheons a bit closer to home.
Came in on St.Patrick's Day after the Flogging Molly concert and smooth jazz music is on??!! Big. Fat. Fail. We had to ask them to put it on something different (How about some irish drinking music, it's St Patty's Day for pete's sake!) and it took the manager/bartender forever to get around to it. It looks like it was just somebody's ipad plugged into the system playing Pandora. On a side note, our female bartender was flipping awesome and knew a LOT of scotches.
The food is too overpriced for what you get. I've never been to a bar/restaurant that let me down so much with their chicken strips. I mean really, how do you mess that up?? They weren't strips at all but more like nuggets and way over cooked. For $8.50, it was incredibly disappointing.  I observed other dishes my friends ordered and their food wasn't appealing either. I think I'll stick to drinks only from now on.
On wed nights they have trivia at 830. Trivia was fun. Many questions were from earlier than 1980s which was not fun and very challenging, lol. The food was great. I ordered an artichoke and spinach dip and guinness wings. They were very good. I also ordered the dirty Scotsman which is half Guinness and half kilt lifter. My friend ordered some chips, which are like really good flat potato wedges, but we never got them. The waitress forgot. And she didn't even come back so we can even tell her that she forgot them. The next time she came, it was to give us a box for the food. I.e, we were done eating.   Usually at trivia night I would have 3-4 beers but only had one because the waitress rarely checked on us, so how can I order more? Our waters weren't refilled either.  To sum up, 5 stars for the food, 1 star for the service and experience. :/
I am very picky about fish and chips, so I will say that they are OK here. The main reason to go to Rula Bula would be for the atmosphere. The back patio is great for people watching and just relaxing with friends. It does get frustrating when you just want a drink outside, but a local band happens to be playing inside so you have to pay a cover to get in. I know that's the situation with a lot of other bars, but it doesn't help that I can go to a very similar bar a quarter of a mile down and not pay a cover.
This place is the worst, the service was horrible and there was a hair in my food. DO NOT GO HERE PASS!
Another bad case of poor door managers. Nathanael is a b* and doesn't know what's up. Other than this little door man complaint the Irish car bombs are 2 legit 2 quit
I used to love this place. Great beer and great environment.   It has gone extremely downhill over the past couple years...   The bartenders used to be awesome and personable. My past 4-5 times they have been so rude I've left after one drink. I'm 27, not a college kid and act responsibly - treating people without respect and rudely will make you lose customers like myself.   I was willing to pay your higher prices for better beers and cocktails, now I will no longer be going there. I gave you many chances...
I'm giving CM's two stars because despite the fact that the beer was decent and the food mostly tasty, I was so immensely turned off when I had to listen to the "we really don't do separate checks" speech from our server.   We were a party of 8 engaging in light drinking and mostly appetizers.   This was not culinary calculus.    I've served.  I've served parties ranging in size from 1-63.   Never, ever has it been a problem giving people separate checks, even 63 of them.   You teach your party to be patient but give them what they want.  "We aren't really supposed to do separate checks" is your way or signifying to me that you're lazy or stupid, with neither being a quality I want from a server.     Fried food, burgers, wraps and seafood are a dime a dozen.  What makes a restaurant standout is how welcoming it is, pardon the cheesey reference, but how much like Cheers it is.   The first step in the journey to earning loyal customers if service and whining about separate checks is no step forward--it's a backflip.
Everybody raves about this place.   But, come on...the food is not that great-  over-priced greasy bar food.  And the crowd-please it's horrible. Just because a lot of people go there doesn't make it amazing.   The only pro is it is a great place for big groups and it has a pretty nice patio.   But, its impossible to get a table.
I agree with the poor reviews on this place. I have found the food to be expensive and very boring. The drinks are ok, the beer is ok, the atmosphere is ok.  It's very... ok.  Maybe if I lived in the neighborhood and could walk there I'd feel differently.  However, I don't, so I won't be returning anytime soon.  Oh, and it doesn't seem very Irish bar-ish to me.  They have Irish beer, and Irish type food, but thats it.
I have been here twice and both times sucked.   Today was the worst it was 4PM on a Sunday and there were a group of hammered assholes, screaming and it ruined my meal.  The Fat Tire is at least good at this place. Also you can't get in the door unless you have 3 piercings, and 12 tats.
Good because it's local, and you can sit outside and smoke. However, it is also highly, highly overrated. There is nothing special about the food or beer selection, and the parking situation is almost always horrid despite a large private lot.  Worst of all, it is usually peopled by soft, pudgy ASU kids. It's the kind of place sophmores and juniors go to, saying, "wow! This is so college! I am so in college now! Look how college I am! I'm going to flip my baseball cap around and put on some flip flops!"  For a real hole-in-the-wall, find a hole-in-the-wall. Casey Moore's is a place that was a hole-in-the-wall and is now firmly ASU establishment - a good place to network with the future VPs of Dupont.
we don't know why this place has such a great reputation. it's loaded with hipster douches and assholes with attitudes who all look like lumberjacks.  boring.   it's just not that cool. the oysters are good though. free appetizers for happy hour on sunday. that's pretty much the only time to go. there's also never any place to sit on a busy night. dumb.  it's the shady's of tempe.
Drinks are a bit over priced. The food is above average bar food. My problem is with the doorstaff; it seems like everytime we are there the doorstaff is hustling me/one of my friends about dumb stuff [IDs, expiration dates, footwear, etc.]  They also seem to have a proclivity towards abuses of power. I've seen the doorstaff get into altercations, where they clearly had the upper hand/control of the situation and still continued to use violence [for fun]. Most recently, they had a guy on the ground on Ash in a headlock and still continued to kick him. Sorry, but I need a de-stressing waterhole.
I'll start by saying that I love Casey's and I definitely frequent there more than any other bar in town. But the service is absolutely the worst around (outside at least, and I would not recommend going inside). Expect to wait 15 minutes to get a waitress to notice your table and then expect another 15 between ordering and actually getting your drink. Oh, and don't be surprised it your waitress confuses Smithwicks with Fat Tire.  That said, the drink prices are good (especially during happy hour), the location is awesome, and nothing beats sitting outside at Casey's on a nice afternoon/night.  I would not recommend eating anything that isn't fried (how is this place an oyster house?!), though it does have good food for drunk people.
I've been here once, and I will only go here once. I met my husband and some friends there after work sometime in February, when it was still cold enough at night to require jackets and outdoor heaters to sit outside. We were seated in a dark corner of the patio, where there were THREE portable heaters, none of which were turned on. We asked our ditzy, busty, DUMB waitress FOUR TIMES to turn them on, and she kept saying, "I'll have to ask someone to do it. I don't know how."  I finally asked her WHO she had to ask, and she pointed to the dirty looking guys acting as bouncers at the gate, who apparently are the only ones in the joint authorized to turn on the heat lamps. Fine. I walked over to them and asked if we could get our heaters turned on, and the guy walked right over and did it for us. Took all of 30 seconds.   Oh, and it took about 45 minutes for our food to arrive, and when it did, several of the orders were messed up. And the waitress didn't care. And it wasn't that good.   Can you tell I didn't really care for this place (note my frequent use of all-caps)? And yet it will continue on, because college students will continue to buy their beer and flaccid fries as long as ASU is there.  Ah well. We can't all have as refined taste as I.  OK, as long as I'm in pretentious snob mode, I'd like to point out that one of the reviews of this establishment excuses the small oyster portions because "we're in a dessert." Um...stripper jumping out of a cake? Or do you really not know how to spell DESERT?  Yowza. I'm usually nicer.
casey moore's is great for their happy hour - a few bucks off appetizers and all beer is 3 bucks. they have lots of beers on tap including my favorite, newcastle. i usually come here to grub after i get out of class.  the appetizers are great - fried zucchini, chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, buffalo wings - all very tasty and delicious. their sandwiches are pretty good as well. at my last dining experience i ordered the fish and chips, which were rubbery and basically inedible. the waitress had them remade and they were alright.   the problem with casey moore's is the service. you seat yourself and then you wait 10-15 minutes for a waitress to approach you. last time i was there our server was gone half the time and it took about 25 minutes to even get our orders in. i think i've had ok service one time. and usually in the afternoon's its fairly slow so there is no excuse for bad service. i really don't get it. maybe it's because we always sit outside and the waitress's are running tables inside and outside, but i really doubt that caused my 25 minute food wait. it's just plain bad.
Quick attentive bartenders. No Convenient parking. No Patrons above the age of 24. No Hot waitresses. No. Slow Waitresses. Yes. Everlasting brodeo. Yes. Dirty Bathrooms. Yes. Douchebaggery all around. Yes. Unfresh oysters. Yes.  $3 kiltlifter. Yes. Asshole cops that follow you home afterwards. Yes.  I decided that I pretty much hate this place. Sorry, I just do.
Pretty average establishment and one of the few places undeserving of its 4/5 Yelp rating in my opinion.  The place is average in terms of size and accomodations.  It has a frustratingly small parking lot.  The service is slow and the staff is generally pretty obnoxious.  The food ranges from typical bar fare to a  couple upscale dishes.  The deal breaker here is the atmosphere.  I see reviews stating that it's a "great laid-back place to go hang out".  I'm not sure what bar they were talking about, but it isn't Casey Moore's.  This is the type of place people go to be seen.  Most of the patrons on the weekends look like they fell out of an Urban Outfitters ad.  These are the type of people that spend three hours in front of the mirror perfecting their "just threw this outfit on" look.  Yes indie kids, I'm talking to you: Don't worry, they serve PBR here.  I know you'll lose your superhero powers of "listening to music no one's ever heard of" if you don't consume at least one Pabst a day.   If you're determined to go, go on a weekday and avoid the hipsters.   People send friends ahead to camp out tables for entire weekend evenings, so good luck finding a place to sit.  Otherwise, just head a few blocks away to Four Peaks.
This is another one of those Tempe/ASU spots that seems to be very popular, and yet for the life of me, I just don't get why. It is definitely a more chilled out in terms of the environment than the majority of your options directly off Mill, but it doesn't make it any less obnoxious or overcrowded. It's just a different type of obnoxious. You won't see any shiny shirts, designer jeans, or orange spray-tanned Jersey shore trash here, instead you'll encounter an entirely different species of douche at this establishment. THE HIPSTER DOUCHE. These guys with their American Apparel deep v-neck shirts, ironic mustaches, and overly tight girl-jeans are an equally repugnant group in their own right, I truly detest them and the fixed-gear bikes they rode in on. Throw in a few random haggard chicks and white guys with dreads to represent for the "this fad isn't over yet" pseudo hippies, and a couple sleeve-tattoo wielding bros and that sums up the demographic that is pretty consistent at this place.   Honestly, hanging out with these people is not my idea of a good time, and therefore neither is wasting my money on drinks at Casey's. I've never tried the food, so I can't comment on that, but the drinks I had were weak. Parking is a bitch, and the cops do tend to stake out the lot towards the end of the night in hopes of generating more revenue for the city of Tempe. I only gave it a second star because the idea of this place being suppossedly haunted intrigues me.
People used to rave about this place - I never got it...and I find it interesting that several other folks said the SAME thing in their reviews.  The parking lot would be full if you didn't get here before 7 PM, the service was always terrible and the crowd was overwhelmingly hipster morons.  Yeah, sure - that's better than the popped collar frat boy meat heads on Mill Ave but not who I want to spend my time with.  This place is for folks with too much to prove.  I'm pretty sure I only went once - maybe twice...I won't be back.
I don't smoke cigarettes. Most people do. You can smoke outside. This place barely has an interior. And that is about it.  I guess the food is ok, but the drinks are outrageously priced and all the tap beer taste awful.  I only go there when i have to.  There is nothing charming about pissing on a fake rock outside, and there is even less charm applied to the fact that it is RIGHT NEXT to the bar. Gross as hell.  More often than not, i go home instead of hit "last call" with any of my friends when they go here unless i am already wasted, thus allowing for bad decisions.
I don't get this place.  I went the other night just for some appetizers and drinks, and though the food was decent (fried zucchini and mushrooms), the parking lot, service, music, and crowd sucked. Parking is a bitch if you're gonna try parking in the lot.  I'd just skip it and try to find some parking on the side streets.    Before my group of friends got there, two other guys in our group were at a table, and apparently, the moody waitress (brunette with her hair in a ponytail) kept trying to get them to leave.  Maybe she thought more people weren't going to show, but still...wait a few minutes, you know?  Then, when the rest of the group got there, we asked for menus, and she comes and literally threw them on the table without saying anything to us.  When she returned to the table, she only took drink orders and didn't ask us about food.  Before we could even say anything, she had left.  When she returned with drinks, I asked if there was a drink menu I could look at since I hadn't made up my mind about what I wanted yet, and without even looking at me, she just shook her head and started rattling off ALL the drinks in the bar in one breath, which wasn't really what I was asking for.  And once again, what about the freakin' food?!  Only when she returned a third time did she finally ask us about food.  Then, later on in the evening, she started to clear off the centerpieces even before we were done because, apparently, somebody wanted to get a head start on cleaning up so she could go home early.  Well, Moody Waitress DID end up leaving, but without telling us, so when a different waiter came to finish up our table, we were all a bit confused.    Meanwhile, my friends and I couldn't help but discuss the horrible music that was playing.  And the crowd there was...interesting.  I'm not sure how to describe them.  Go and see for yourself.  Or better yet...don't.  There are better places to go in the area.  Don't waste your time here.
Cool atmosphere.  Very laid, chill environment.  Good price on beers, but thats all I can say.  The server was pretty awful, not continually checking back with us and not friendly.  There were 4 of us and 2 of us order food initially and the orders came out about 5 minutes apart.   My friend order 1/2 dozen oysters (its an oyster house) and from his experience the person that shucked those oysters obviously was not a lover of them.  There were small broken pieces of the shell around the edges, and the bottoms were absolutely filthy dirty.  For being an oyster house you would think that would be the thing they take pride in, but not that night.  Then the remaining of our group ordered food and both those orders came out at separate times (almost 10 minutes apart) and one order was just a side of fries.  It's a great drinking atmosphere and a cool place to chill, but I wouldn't go expecting great service of great food.
This review is for the service.  First of all - the "one check per party" policy is a pain in the butt for everyone - the customers and the servers alike.  I had a particular instance with a waitress today at lunch where we tried to tell her how to pay the ticket - "This $20 bill is for this item and this item" and "This green card pays for this item and this item." etc etc.  It's a pain, and confusing.  But she messed it up, and that was not unexpected considering the policy they have to go by.  But then when we got it back and tried to explain the problem to her, she got a little snippy.  Then got a little attitudinal.    Love the food.  But this "one check per party" policy really brings the place down, and causes the servers and customers both some grief.  Not good.
The place, parking lot and entrance were packed leading me to believe this place would not be so bad.  When I walked up to get my ID checked the muscle head chastised me for still having a vertical ID. What a great way to welcome patrons!  Once inside our friends had reserved seats, but only one, so Vince G. had to stand almost the entire time.  Alcohol sucked, tasted like peroxide.  Music sucked, a bunch of shitty trendy crap.  The only thing redeeming were quality servers.
RUDE staff that wouldn't spit on you if you were on Fire... mixed up our party's orders, ignored us when we needed waters.  Honestly, it was the attitude of the staff that completely turned me OFF to this historic restaurant.
Went to this place more then 3x's never had a good experience here. But, this time takes the cake.                                       After having Dinner, a medium  experience, nothing great!  My friend gave the waitress his credit card to pay the bill. 10 min later the waitress came back and said are you paying cash for the meal. My friend said," I gave you my credit card".  She said well , i don't have it.  This went on and on for quite some time with the waitress and some man who may of been the manager. They kept telling my friend that he did not give the card to them. He ended up just paying cash and had to cancel his credit card.  Well 2 hours later guess what??? They called to say they DID find his card and he could come back and get it.  What did they do to remedy their mistake???? Gave him a card for 2 drinks next time. Believe me , there is no Next time.                              Customer service does not exist here. When you loose someones card and then try to blame them and find that you had it all along, comp the meal.  At the very least!
If you want to be surrounded by young kids getting their kicks... be my guest... used to be a cool place and is no longer... I give it 2 stars because the bartenders are fast but have no personality whatsoever and and there is no ambiance at all to this place anymore... Plus the fact that they violate Arizona smoking law by allowing people to smoke within 20 feet of the entrances, INFACT lastnight there was someone smoking INSIDE the side door!!   ALL I CAN SAY IS... DISSAPPOIONTED... NEVER AGAIN!!!
What a DISASTER.  After coming up to the restaurant and having a young lady hurl on the sidewalk next to us, we wondered what would be next.  Trying to get a nice sit down dinner we went inside and had to wait ten minutes to get a menu.  5 of us ordered soup and when it came there was till no silverware.  The busboy came by and threw 3 spoons in the middle of the table.  Something doesn't add up.  Then the chicken florentine had no spinach in it.  Doesn't florentine mean spinach!  The clam chowder had raw potatoes in it that were very crisp.  The main meal was just as bad and still no silverware.  One patron ordered fish and chips which the fish had no flavor and had to be dunked in the malt vinegar to get a taste. When my Salmon Oscar arrived I wasn't sure I had the right dish.  On top of the salmon was a brown spoonful of something I couldn't identify.  When I tasted it, it tasted old and sodden.  I have never returned a dish to a kitchen in my life, but I was afraid this stuff might be rancid.  When the owner came by he acted all surprised.  I told him the menu said that the salmon was covered with fresh crab and I didn't see any.  He proceeded to tell me that he knew it was fresh as he saw the chef open THE CAN and it was never frozen.  He said Ruth Chris serves their salmon that way too.  I would love to hear Ruth Chris's reaction to that.  Then the bill came and it was added wrong since they still do it by hand.  All in all I can't believe anyone would ever eat here.  DISASTER AFTER DISASTER.  Anyone who does go, I hope you enjoy food from a can......
Been here a couple times over the last few years.  The ambience is nice. Historic haunted house a few steps away from Mill.  I've only been here on weekends, and it's especially hard to get seats when ASU is in session.  Parking also can be difficult.  The food has always been OK.  They do have non-seafood items for people like me.  Service can be spotty.  My last visit, however, really changed my perspective on this place.  I would have rated this place 3 stars, but they failed in a couple of key areas.  It took over one and a half HOURS for us to get our entrees.  We did get appetizers and soup/salad for those who ordered them, but the gap between those and the entrees was noticeably long.  I understood that since we were a somewhat large party that it may take longer but still, that long?  I was starting to wonder if they just wanted us to keep the alcohol flowing and that we wouldn't notice how long the actual food took.  When I finally got my turkey croissant sandwich, there was very little turkey, as in 2 thin slices, and I couldn't detect the avocado, lettuce, or tomato.  I could definitely taste the bacon, though, since there seemed to be more bacon than anything else.  The balance of the whole sandwich was lost.  Everyone else was happy with their food.  At least the servers acknowledged at the end that it took a while and comped a few items.  Since it was a large party, they included the 18% tip in the bill despite the somewhat crappy service.  Since people were more interested in the movie afterwards, I wasn't going to contest that.  I'll reluctantly come here again which is why I rate it two stars.  Luckily, this isn't a place near the top of my friends' go-to list.  And I will try to talk people out of this place if it comes up.
Hipster central. An old Victorian home converted into a cool laid back bar. Drinks were decent, just typical normal bar drinks. Parking is rough and it's a packed house especially on a Saturday night. It has the capability to accommodate a larger group but you might have to wait around a while.  Server forgot the order and took over an hour to get a club sandwich-nothing special. If you don't mind the chain smokers and the hardly working misters and go with a group this place can be a winner for you. I'd rather hang at more low key places & not at a college hangout spot.
Sorry to everyone who loves this place, but you have not eaten there or your palate is better served at McD's.  It was even recommended by the front desk at The Buttes as a good place to eat.  First off I am 49, but no stick in the mud. I like energy and fun, but if they say good food it should be better than Denny's. I write to save another business traveler the trouble of a horrible dining experience. This place is BAR....get it...A BAR. It is filled with college kids drinking cheap beer. That is the best thing I had all night. $3.50 for Black and tan pints....although a little light on the black. I started with Oysters...Oyster House, right? 6 oysters. 2 of them bad from looking at them. Advice to kitchen, if they look translucent and milky, they are BAD. They look bad, they will taste worse. All of them shucked poorly with plenty of shell inside. Didn't expect super fresh in the desert, but didn't expect rotten either. Had a salad. Not bad but lettuce was wilted....I guess expected in the 103 desert heat. I did eat inside, as the smokers and shitty misters outside made that option for the redneck hipsters that frequent this place. Had the special as a main course. Teriyaki sea bass. Like something a 6th grader would make!! Horrible!! Swimming in that cheap teriyaki goo they sell at any restaurant supply store. Rice-a-roni, that was overcooked to the point of sticky glop. Side of steamed veggies....best thing on the plate...or the garnish, might have been. College kids, or 30 something redneck hipsters, or local drunks. Enjoy this place. It was made for you. Everyone else stay FAR, FAR away. There are options in Phoenix....I hope. I guess I could be in culinary hell here. After all they still smoke everywhere in this lovely spot in the western desert.
The only thing I hate more than frat boys is the smell of patchouli! This bar is full of hippies smoking cloves and hipsters who think this place is the place to be.   There were plenty of hot chicks and a few cute dudes. One of the door guys was sexy.   I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because hipsters are only a little bit better than bros
I have enjoyed some tasty food here in the past, but I won't be stepping foot in here again.  One of their bouncers, who refers to himself as "G", decided that it would be completely acceptable to let some transphobic words escape his mouth.  Now, in no way am I a transgender individual, but I do have much respect for the trans community and I can't believe this place would keep this dude around.    So, my girlfriend had to use the restroom and there was a huge line, so she peeked around to see if there was the same traffic jam by the guys bathroom and this dude just comes at her all aggressive like telling her she needed to get away and all that...which she was quick to move and apologize.  But then she asked him, "What if I was a transgender person?" To which this guy replied "Well then you can get out."  Really dude?  So, she informs the manager of this and he was on her side for sure.  The bouncer then began harassing her again and was trying to kick her out of the bar (for what?! Right...he didn't say) and she called to the manager that he was still being aggressive with her.  The three of them went to have a talk and the bouncer was trying to say that she called him the "N" word...UM MY GIRLFRIEND IS BLACK TOO JACKASS!  She never uses that word and would NEVER call someone that because she actually is a respectable person and isn't ignorant.  Did the manager say anything to the bouncer about his transphobic comment??  Did he?! NO!! I later called to ask what the manager's name was, and found out that not only is Gavin a manager but he's also part owner...you've got to be kidding me.  It's a real shame when you let your employee harass a guest who didn't do anything but try to go pee.  Yelp folk, whether you're gay, straight, bi, queer, trans, a straight ally or something of the like, I strongly urge you to steer clear of this establishment and spend your money where this kind of behavior is not tolerated.
Ehhhhh. When my favorite part of the meal is the salad, there's a problem with a seafood restaurant.   I got the spinach and berries salad which was actually REALLY delicious, I ate every bite of it and I'm glad that I did because the crabcakes I ordered were horrible. So bad in fact that I sent them back. The clam chowder my friend ordered was kind of watery and might have had a good flavor, but it wasn't even that hot. Blech.  Other friend got some shrimp dish and she really couldn't say much about it except "meh". I was really dissapointed that we came here instead of one of the other places in Phoenix/Tempe because I've been here for work before and had much better food. I definitely won't be back next time I'm there for work!
What is the big deal? The menu was terribly limited, the waitress didn't get around to us for 30 minutes. Luckily we were in a group so we didn't notice that much. This place is constantly over crowded, and the staff is rude. Their alcohol selection isn't anything special, and after we were done here we ended up going somewhere else for food, this place was hardly worth it, and certainly over priced.
I live down the street from Casey Moore's. I have been here a total of three times. The first time a group of us just ordered drinks, and the margaritas my friend and I ordered were so terrible that we sent them back. The second time I went with my husband and ordered a crab salad sandwich. Again, it was so awful I had to send it back. I am not a picky eater, nor have I been known to complain about food or service when dining out. There has only been one other restaurant I have ever been to where I sent food back. So, this place was already two for two. Alas, my husband begged me to go back once more. He was craving oysters and since this is an oyster house, I figured it wouldn't hurt to give them one more shot. It was last Thursday evening, and the place was hoppin'. This time, the food was decent. Not good, but decent enough where I may have given Casey Moore's a fourth chance had I been impressed with the service. But the service was HORRIBLE. Our waitress got us our drinks and didn't come back to take our orders for another 20 minutes. We sat there awkwardly waiting for her to stop by, and though she passed us quickly several times, she never even acknowledged us with a simple "I'll be back with your orders." When she did arrive 20 minutes later, she asked if we were ready to order without even an apology. I am not kidding you when I say she acted like she wanted nothing to do with us. She was very monotone and never smiled with us. I would like to pass this off as her having a bad night, but when she went to her other tables (all full of men with drinks) she suddenly lit up, laughed, and had a blast with them. It was so awkward to the point that my husband asked if maybe we knew her and had upset her in some way in the past. But no. This was our first time meeting her. We were pleasant customers who didn't complain about the mediocre food or slow service. We were polite and left a good tip. We pride ourselves on being fun, engaging, and polite with our servers since we go out often. But let me tell you right now what makes me the most angry. We live so damn close to this place and would have loved to be regulars... It is such a shame that Casey Moore's has now given us three good reasons to never come back. And I can't find any information on their website of how to contact the manager about this, so I am left to rant here on Yelp, completely unsatisfied. Sigh...
If I could give it zero stars I would. Worst service I have ever had at a restaurant in my entire 29 years of life. I was with a large group of 10 people and we ordered some beers and food (coming to an "oyster house" and being told they don't recommend them on the half shell) and when we got our food the waiter got our order completely wrong and when we told her what happened instead of apologizing and offering to make it right she proceeded to tell us that was what we had ordered and that we were the ones who were wrong! I couldn't believe my ears! When I politely told her again that was not what we had ordered she kept arguing with us and then just took the food and left. I was beside myself. I have never been treated so badly in a restaurant before. I then asked to speak to a supervisor and she shot back that there was not a supervisor on that night. Yeah I believe that. So we promptly left and were NEVER not once offered one single apology, instead we were told that we were wrong and then ignored. Will never set foot in this establishment again and I hope to speak with the owner to let him/her know the level of wait staff they have representing their restaurant.
Eh. Just okay. Outside bar was great but that's due to the weather. Service blows and food is just okay. Nothing special. Great for people watching though. My fave was the chic with the big boobs and mohawk.
Wen't in last night and found out that Gavin Rutledge was fired.  Gavin was the face of this great neighborhood pub.    The people who own this business have no idea what they've lost.  My patronage is now going to dwindle to a trickle.  Two decades of coming in here at least once a week - I think you can do the numbers.  Head over to House of Tricks as the perfect alternative if you like an outdoor bar in old town Tempe.    A little stunned as I write this.  Good luck, Gavin, and Patty and David - here's hoping your numbers go consistently down.
Writing this review makes me pretty sad, because the atmosphere and crowd at Casey Moore's is probably my favorite in all of Tempe, and the food isn't half bad either.  That being said, the staff and bouncers at Casey's are so unnecessarily rude and disrespectful that I cannot justify ever going back there.  I've never seen anything like it at a low-key-environment place like this, and as much as it pains me, they've finally lost my business for good.
I feel like I'm writing several negative reviews, but maybe I was just unlucky with my choices?  Drinks - I had a nice white wine I cannot remember the name of, but it did the job. Food - I had maybe two bites due to chatting with my pals, but ended up leaving the leftovers on the table since it didn't really do much for me. Maybe I order poorly, but my pasta was lame. Service - Waitress with an attitude and waiter that walked around with an aloof expression on his face. Neither were very attentive to our group of 13+. Ambiance - I'm confused... We're in Tempe... a land-locked state, correct? Oysters? At an Irish pub? Really? Like I said, confusing!
Wow been going there for years but went there recently and was really disappointed, food was horrible, the urinal rock wall was overflowing and leaking all over my shoes and to top it off I sat in a bar stool for 30 minutes before some big shot drug dealer they like there arrived and told me I was in his seat, when I refused to move the bouncers asked me to move. Casey's FAIL
This was the worst place ever.  In my burger, there was some mystery meat that I bit.  When I told the waiter she took my food back and not once did I get an apology.  The service was horrible, it took an over an hour to get the food. I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy.  I hope this place gets shut down.  If you do go here dont expect good food or service.
Words cannot even express how much I hate this place. It's literally five minutes from my house in Tempe and everybody and their mother loves it here. I've been here four times. FOUR CHANCES, and they blew every single one.  Visit #1: I go with a handful of girlfriends. Order a margarita. Worst margarita of my life, hands down. My friend also ordered one and hated it. We both had to send it back (the first and only time I have ever sent a drink back. It was that bad). We told our server that we'd like something different, but we needed a moment to decide. She rolled her eyes, took them away, and we didn't see her until much later, when she delivered our bill. I had no drinks that night.  Visit #2: I went with my husband for lunch. Ordered the crab sandwich. I took a bite and it was an effort to swallow it, it was so disgusting. Now, I used to live off of eating out just about every day of the week. My husband and I are always incredibly polite to our servers and feign enjoying meals that are sub par. Getting meals you don't like is a part of life. This, however, was inedible. For the second time ever (I never send food back, I know how annoying it is for the servers and feel so bad), I had to send it back and ask for something different. Our server seemed really perturbed, but did bring me the meal I ordered instead. It was mediocre at best, but I ate it without any complaint. I apologized profusely to our server and assured her that I liked the new meal, even though I didn't, in hopes of her mood improving. It didn't.  Visit #3: Don't even ask me why, but my husband and I were craving Oysters and thought that we'd give Casey Moore's Oyster House another chance to impress us. Not only were the oysters not good (we did not complain about them this time, though), but our server was so rude that we thought we had wronged her in some way. Dirty looks, only stopped by twice I believe in the hour and a half we were there, didn't say hello or smile once. We thought maybe we had caught her on a bad day, but the joyful smile on her face as she laughed with the table of men directly across from us quickly made us realize that this was not the case. To be clear, we did not complain about anything at any time. We were kind, polite, and didn't keep her from other tables. What the hell?  Visit #4 (tonight): I went with a girlfriend for drinks after a run. I only went because it was a beautiful night and I wanted to sit outdoors. First off, we had my friend's dog with us and went to the front without the dog to see if we could tie him up outside of the establishment (around a tree). Nobody was there so we went back to get the dog to tie him up (again, outside of the place, by the sidewalk). A man promptly and rudely said, "I'm not letting you two in with that dog out there." Okay. So we took the dog back to the car and left the window down for him. When we got back and found a seat, I smiled and said hello to our server when he greeted us. Upon asking us what we wanted to drink, I said, "There is a drink at Boulder's (bar down the street) I really like and was wondering if you guys might do something similar..." "We don't." He said, and just looked at us. That's it. I proceeded to tell him what the drink was (Strongbow mixed with a Raspberry type beer). "No, I told you we don't." Finally after awkwardly floundering about, my friend and I settled on another drink. We did get what we ordered and it was good (we both got Strongbows with a shot of Fireball). But seriously, dealing with TWO rude men tonight, plus the history I've had there, makes me realize I really will never go back ever. And I mean it this time.  I mean truly, I am extremely polite and go above and beyond to make people feel comfortable and happy to be serving me. I smile big, say hello, don't take too much of their time, don't whine or complain, etc. But the fact that four of my all time worst restaurant experiences were all from Casey Moore's is just too much to ignore. I hate that place and hate that I'm the only one who feels this way.
The beer selection sucks and the little bit of food I have had here was unimpressive. BUT! A good place to people watch? And be watched? If you're into that.
I had a very interesting experience at Casey Moore's.  I went with my g/f, meeting with some family (including a child under 21) for an evening of food and drinks on a Wednesday night.  Now, I know that the weekends get really busy and kind of rowdy.  Wednesday night was quite slow and very quite.  My g/f and I sat down and ordered a round of drinks and an appetizer.  The server was nice and service was quick.    My family and I have been there numerous times in the past with no issues of having my family member under 21.  For some reason this time was different.  I tried flagging down my family as they were walking into the bar.  Apparently the door man has said the only way a minor is allowed in is to sit inside, not on the patio.  Again, this is 100% different than the other ten times we have been there during the week.  When I went inside to find out what was going on, I over heard the server saying "they should go somewhere else, like I care anyway."  Wow, that was super rude.  I don't think she knew I was standing there.  Regardless, it was one of the worst customer service experiences I've had.  The worst part is the family is full of restaurant managers and servers.  We all have been in situations like this, which is why we don't put up much of a fight.    Now, if the business policy is no minors under 21 are allowed ever, I can understand if they made an exception one time. However, as I've previously stated, we have been there over ten times with no issues.     I gave 2 stars for the beginning server being nice and speedy.  But I cannot go above that because the rude comments and extremely uncalled for glare we received has pushed me away from this place to never return.  So much so, this is my first negative post ever on Yelp.
I would not ever, ever, ever go here again if it weren't for the fact that my group of friends practically lives here. I really don't know what they see in the place other than "hey we've been going here every week for the better part of 10 years now...why would we do anything else?"  Pros: It's uh. It's a bar? With an outdoor bathroom that lets you pee on the wall? I dunno. I digress. There are some good parts.  1. Management and Bartenders: Awesome folks. Very personable. If you have any issue with the place at all, the manager will do his best to make sure you're happy, even if there's not much he can do.   2. Aside from the people who drink here(which I'll touch on below), the actual physical atmosphere is nice. I like patio bars.  Cons:  1. Door staff are assholes. This is the first place I've ever had a security person anywhere ever lay their hands on me. I walked out the side entrance to make a phone call in a quieter area and told the guy I'd be right back in. Finished my very short phone call within eyesight of the guy making eye contact with him a few times during the call. I walked back into the bar past him. He followed me 50 feet into the bar and grabbed me by the back of my neck and started screaming at me about showing ID every time you walk into the place. I literally talked to the guy not 5 minutes before in order to avoid having to go through the ID process all over again. If it ever happens again I'm calling the police and filing a battery charge.   2. Food is garbage. With the exception of the potato skins, everything on the menu sucks. But it's REALLY hard to make lousy potato skins.  3. Beer menu is small/not really listed anywhere. Ask the waitress which beers they have and she'll tell you a few random ones that she can think of off of the top of her head and say "and we have others I guess". If you want Kiltlifter or Fat Tire, you're set. If you want anything else, it's a 50/50 shot on whether or not they have it.  4. Hipster. Central. Seriously the clientele here is atrocious. I've literally been verbally assaulted here for eating potato skins by a waifish, meth-mouthed denizen who was the human embodiment of the lyrics of Macklemore's "Thrift Shop" because there was cheese and bacon on my food. He went off on me for being offensive to animals or some such. Telling me I would be a vegetarian if I had to kill the animal myself. On a friday night, the place is packed wall-to-wall with the whiniest, heroin-chic douchebags you will ever meet. I feel like this is the case because they don't like the loud music of the bars on mill so they walk around the corner and park themselves at Casey's.  5. Cops. Lots and lots and lots of cops. If you go here on a semi-regular basis(once or twice a month or more) for a long enough period of time, you WILL be stopped immediately after leaving the bar. The Tempe PD are for the most part nice folks, but the ones who patrol looking to catch a DUI coming out of Casey's are all assholes. Not really the bar's fault at all, but it's part of the experience of going there.  6. Pricing. Two drinks and a plate of aforementioned potato skins? 20 dollars plus tip. Look to spend at least 5 dollars(tip included) for a pint of beer here unless it's on special/happy hour. 7 to 10 dollars for a mixed drink with well liquor(tip included).   7. Parking. 10-15 parking spots in their lot. Yeah. 10 to 15 spots. For a bar that is usually packed to the brim with people. After the stores close down, you can park in the little strip mall parking lot around the corner. But again, there's always a cop car or motorcycle cop just sitting in that lot waiting for you to look like you're walking toward a car.   8. Wait staff sucks. It's always sucked. It's not really their attitude all the time(though it is sometimes). They hire like 3 or 4 girls(I'm not being sexist, they only hire females to do wait staff) to cover what's usually close to 1,000 people(maybe more? I'm not a good judge of actual numbers of people) all asking for booze at the same time. Don't even bother placing drink orders with them. Just walk up to the bar and pay with cash and then go back to your seat.    9. Bathrooms are horrendous. It's really hard to use the bathroom when there are 2 urinals and one stall for guys. Especially once 10pm rolls around and the holocaust-skinny hipster kids I mentioned above start vomiting in the stall and sink because they can't hold their booze and drinking in a college town means DRINK UNTIL YOU DIE. The blarney stone is all well and good until a dude takes a dump in there.   10. Climate control. Because of the patio setup, it's always too hot or too cold to be really comfortable, save for the few months per year here in the valley that the weather is really nice. It's still 90+ degrees at 11pm here 6 months out of the year.   If you haven't been here? Don't bother going. You'll get suckered into meeting your friends for drinks for the next 6 years.
If you like eating next to stray cats and tons of birds then this is your place!  Food, service, parking and decor are horrible. The inside looks like a haunted house and the outside is a complete wreck. I literally had stray cats walking right past me while I was sitting outside. There were also tons of birds swooping down to get bits of food right next to me. Wow...just wow I couldn't believe it, I've never seen that before. I quickly paid my tab and got out of there. I cannot ever recommend this place. They should give Jon Taffer a call, because this place needs help.
I've been to Casey Moore's a few times. This past time will be my last time. I met up with a few of my buddies on a Sunday afternoon. We ordered some beer and some food and waited. And waited.....and waited.   It wasn't very busy but out waitress apparently felt it was more important to serve other people in the area rather than us. It might have been because we didn't look like hipsters. Maybe we didn't have enough visible tattoos. Maybe because we don't have any facial piercings? We got plenty of attention from the feral cat that was walking around the place. Perhaps it was left behind from one of the many hippies that frequent this place.   After our nice long wait for our food, the food was wrong. Our waitress was obviously bothered by our requests to get our food correct. I mean we did order the oysters and some sandwiches, clearly we were out of our minds for bothering our server and the kitchen staff to make the food properly. I forgot who ordered what but the sandwich was missing the bacon. We only got one round of beer, not because we only wanted one round, but because our server didn't bother asking if we wanted more.   We would have pulled a dine and dash if our credit card wasn't being held on file for our tab. Between the lackluster food (the oysters are decent), the roaming animals, the dark and gloomy dining area, and the general craptacular wait staff, I'd say avoid this place. Unless you have very low expectations of what a bar/restaurant should be. But even then I think this place would disappoint.
Total disappointment.  When told two of our three entrees would take about 30 minutes to prepare we ordered appetizers.  They were brought to the table, along with the third entree which the waiter said "oh I forgot and entered this at the same time."  No offer to keep it warm until the other entrees arrived, but wait, why worry? Within minutes the two 30 minute entrees were on the table along with the appetizers.  A total mess.  And apparently there is a bread shortage if you order clams or escargot.  Two small pieces! When asked for additional bread, the waiter said "sure" and thats the last we saw of him.  Last time for us.
Ate the fried oysters, and some BBQ wings. Oysters were pretty good this far out in the desert. The BBQ Ribs were slightly under cooked and a bit to mushy in my opinion. Not a big fan of taking a bite of poultry and getting a vein stuck in my teeth.
Well, considering the fact that the busser picked up a napkin from the floor and put it back on my table, I'm a little concerned about their adherence to health codes....thanks for the good gin and tonic and service (from the server) but no thanks ... no matter how close to work this place is I'm not coming back
If I could give zero stars I absolutely would.  First, we walked into a huge SMOKING patio trying to figure our where the non-smoking area was. It was horrifically smokey and there were no non-smoking patio. Then, we cannot figure out where the hostess is only to figure it out after asking the bartender who advised this unusually dressed guy who was sitting up against the wall drinking a pop.  He seats us.  The actual hostess walks up to us to tell us that she wasn't ready for us to sit as she wasn't done preparing the table. We advised her that the hostess seated us and she argued that she was the hostess.  Moving forward we get out waiter who ultimately took our order.  My boyfriend orders a chowder and we both get one. I tell the waiter I did not order a chowder. He argued that he was 'positive' that I did.  I don't eat chowder so I assured him I didn't.  Btw, chowder, according to my boyfriend was terrible.   I order oysters that were literally warm and had unusual black things in them and we thought they were bad so didn't finish.  I order the steak with brandy sauce. Sauce was literally cold and although the steak was good, it was barely warm.  Also, I didn't get butter for my potato and didn't see the waiter for at least ten minutes so I was done.  I asked them to remove the steak as I was done. My boyfriend got the oyster shooter and saiid it was literally the worst thing he had ever eaten in his life. We got the bill and it was an old freakin' fashion tab that you couldn't tell what you were paying for and what you were not paying for.  We paid and left.  Probably one of the worst restaurant experiences I've ever had.
i guess my new thing will just be writing reviews about all the shitty bouncers at bars in tempe.  back on st. patrick's day i was going into casey moores and as i was locking up my bike as i watched a bouncer beat up an innocent drunk guy, who was already out of the bar and on the sidewalk trying to leave. he was pushing the guy telling him to leave but pretty much wasn't letting him leave by grabbing his shirt and throwing him around. the drunk guy kept saying "i'm trying to leave, stop touching me!" the bouncer ended up throwing the guy against a car and punching him while he was on the road. then he dragged him onto the side walk and held his head by the hair and started hitting his head on the sidewalk. the bouncer was bleeding from the hand and when he noticed he started saying "you bit me, omg i you bit me! i love putting people in jail. you're going to jail" once the cops showed up they wanted my story since i was a witness. me and two other people gave the police our story. once the bouncers hand was washed off his cut was clearly not a bite. probably cut it while beating the guy up.  anyway, i went into the bar to get a drink and i was told to leave because i talked to the cops. i guess the managers really support a roided up bouncer beating up an innocent drunk guy. SO fast forward 3-ish months and i go back to casey moores with some friends. i was there last night and GREAT the same bouncer is surprisingly still working there. when the night ended i was outside the bar in the parking lot and the bouncer comes up to me and whispers "if you fcking tell anyone about what happened you're not allowed back here" and i respond with "what??" and he says it again "you heard me. if you tell anyone about what happened you're not allowed back here. you're on a list you know" and then went into the bar. i hear the bouncer get crazy in the bar and start yelling and gathering staff and is talking and pointing at me. so i just stand there and wave.  also great idea to make a scene like that in front of a parking lot full of people if you don't want me telling anyone.  sorry bouncer. i told the internet about how shitty you are. maybe have some respect for people and talk to people nicely.  i'm not sure what else to say but i wanted to tell my story about 2/5 of my experiences of ever going there. i'm fine with not being let back in, especially if they're going to keep staff like this around.  BESIDES these incidents i've had good experiences here and the other staff is awesome. nice nice people.  *the bouncer who did this was a Caucasian, short stalky guy kinda chubby, short brown hair, has a scruffy beard, usually has a backward baseball cap on.
I just cannot say too many good things about this place. It is busy all the time though so someone likes it. Looking back it has been here for at least 30 years. It is the College crowd that keeps it going for sure. The service is pretty bad, they do what they want to do and take their time about doing it as well. Oyster house,I would not trust eating seafood here my friend. It is more of a place to drink. Though yes, they do serve food. Nothing grat about Casey's . just an old place that people like to drink at.
Went on a week day for dinner. Service was so so and so was the food. Nothing to really brag about. Place is old and had a funky smell when you walk inside. I would say this is more a local watering hole then a restaurant.  There are better places to go then here for Oysters and other food.
The absolute worst food in Vegas in my opinion.  We got our food to go, had the Irish Stew and it was nasty, I was only able to take two bites before having to give up.  Extremely strong after taste left in the mouth even now an hour after taking those two bites. Never again will I visit this establishment for food or anything else for that matter.  If I could give it 0 stars I would.
Of all the Irish Pubs I've frequented in my time, McMullan's is not in the top of the list.  The split-bar layout is tight, cramped, and the gaming area is like a Marlboro humidor.  I choked down a couple pints while shouting to my friends standing 18 inches away.  Once my eyes were burning from the veritable tobacco field fire, we opted to leave and find more suitable accommodations.  Luckily my nicotine high was maintained throughout the rest of the night via my clothing and skin absorption.
The drink selection here is great with an amazing Irish whiskey catalogue. The food, however is sub standard. The nachos were cold when I got them, and I doubt piping hot nachos would've tasted a lot better. Fish and chips were decent and the bartenders had little to no personality.
Me & my co-workers will stop by after work time to time here n have a lunch & drinks n we tip pretty good since we r in the same industry but, we've noticed past couple of times when we had b-day parties they only had 1 bartender that was serving drinks and FOOD at the same time for both bars n we had slowest service ever! It's not her fault cz we saw it's was getting too much for her but, they need to have at least 2 bartenders or bar-back to help her out on the weekends especially if there's any games going on different taps r running...we probably won't come here for any future gathering anymore though...too bad!
1st Fridays we go to McMullins for Oysters. Yesterday, as usual we met another couple for Happy Hour.  The server "Jennifer" sucked.  Bad attitude. We asked for separate checks, ordered and was over charged for items. She never cleared our table. Only when we got up to get rid of the plates that had been sitting for 30 minutes did the bus person take them away.  When we got the bill. It was one check not split as requested when we sat down.  The server denied we had asked.  More attitude. What troubles me as much is everyone else still wanted to give her a 18% tip.  Why?  For crap service?   We support the establishment by spending our hard earned money.  This server should be fired not getting a $20.00 tip for attitude and crappy service.
Pissed I have to give it one star!  Let me preface this review by saying that I did not eat here.  I did not eat here because upon arrival, the host (who wasn't at the stand when we came in, but had to wait several minutes for him to appear) just walked up and said flatly, "There's no room here. We're full."  My mother, sister and I (all well dressed and very presentable) stared at him in shock at his rudeness, and he said, "We have trivia tonight and there's a soccer game."  The place was indeed very full, and we had come hoping to play the trivia (and were about 20 minutes early for trivia), but there are better ways to handle this, such as merely being nice to potential customers.  Needless to say, this was a total turnoff to ever try coming back to this place.
Unfortunately our experience at McMullan's was not that good when we visited in early July.  My wife and I went for a walk with the intent on rewarding ourselves with a pint or two at the end of the walk.  We entered McMullan's and went to the bar.  We were the only people in the place.  In a few minutes the bartender, David, came in from the other side.  He later explained that McMullan's has an Irish side and a  Vegas side.  We ordered our beer and he went to the Vegas side.  In a few minutes he returned, and it was like he just remembered and poured our beer.  He again disappeared to the Vegas side.  When he came back for our food order, I asked some questions and he said that he had been working there for six years.  My thought was that he could not treat all customers as badly as he was treating us because no manager would keep staff who are so inattentive.  I concluded that his girlfriend must have been on the Vegas side and that was why he was spending so much time there.  We will return to McMullan's on our next trip to Las Vegas, partly to enjoy the Irish pub, partly to enjoy the Guinness, but mostly to see if the staff is more interested in treating us as patrons.
I went back to McMullan's for their AYCE fish and chips again and was super disappointed.  The fish had a distinctly unappetizing ammonia-like smell. My husband smelled it, I smelled it, and even our waitress smelled it after we pointed it out to her.  A second order was just as bad-smelling. Fish starts to smell like ammonia when it rots and decomposes. Mmm-mmm good.  The one star is for the Irish nachos, which were delicious (we split an order of those instead, after the fish was taken off the bill).  I won't be back.
The Irish Nachos were a bit bland.  We came in to get an appetizer,  meal and possibly desert. .. but once the waitress took our drink and appetizer order,  she never took our meal order.  I guess if you are not drinking bear or whiskey you can forget about service.
Pay a lot. Hope you love spicy food!  Went here for wings and fish and chips. The fish and chips are a whopping $15 but bizarre enough the wings ONLY come in an extra hot sauce. Why!?  I left and didn't get either. Some people are physically unable to tolerate super spicy foods.  Get a clue guys!
Not sure what everyone is rating.  This place makes Dotty's look upscale. It's connected to a gas station.  We were there this Saturday at 10:30pm and place was tiny,  a few regulars at the bar and no live music.  Place felt old and creepy.  Definitely not a place to take your date.
I am visiting  the area near this restaurant for a customer meeting.  I am staying in the area without a car, so I needed to find a place to eat within walking distance of where I am staying.  I found this on yelp and decided to try it based on the high average rating.  Now I am wonder if the bar is different here, if this is a different place, or if I hit a bad night.  I started with the house salad,  Hard to mess up and it was OK.  I am uncertain how it was dressed as all the dressing was on the stuff on the bottom of the plate while the top was basically sans dressing.   My entree was the Steak and Mushroom Irish Pie.  The pie itself was fine, adequately seasoned, served very hot and tasty.  The mashed potatoes seemed to have come from a box; they had the unmistakable flavor and texture of rehydrated potato product, not something made from fresh potatoes.  The gravy tasted like it came from a can.  And the peas were unmistakably from the freezer.  What?  It is the season for fresh peas, the produce markets are filled with them  And there is no excuse for not using fresh potatoes.  The staff was great and friendly, but the food is a definite 'pass' for me.
If I could give less then one star I would!  Horrible service!  The waitress greeted us by  saying "what can I get you". There was no "hello" "welcome" or anything of the sort!  Epic fail!  The place was very dimly lit which always makes me a little uneasy!  I like to be able to see what is going on especially if I'm consuming food!  There was trash on the floor, and it just was not my cup of tea!  Needless to say we did not stay!  Will never return!
Came from out of town for a trip to Fabulous Las Vegas, and am a huge soccer fan. After buying the new  USA away jersey at the Nike store at the Forum Shops, the salesman highly hyped this place, and for the USA vs Turkey game, a new destination was high on my list. I may have not calculated the time zone change correctly, but showed up an hour and a half early for the game. Wearing my new jersey, an employee saw me, and instead of offering me a place to sit or a drink to have while I waited... I was greeted angrily/annoyingly by an employee who stated that "you know kickoff doesn't start until eleven." Rude and disrespectful. Leaving, I ended up watching the game at the Sporting House instead. So much for trying a new place!
Food was ok, waitress was horrible. I get the feeling she really hates her job. She was never around when we needed her because she was constantly busy gambling.  On top of that, she was unable to answer very basic questions about the menu. Next time we'll go to crown & anchor.
Faux-exposed brick?  Fuck you, Brocach.  Small menu but the food's pretty decent.  update: I can't get an appertizer at 4 PM?  As the kids say "omgwtf?!"
Irksome gimmicky pub atmosphere, like a classier Bennigan's.
One thing you need to know about me - I don't like Brocach. Like for real.  It's pretty boring, and feels so manufactured- maybe its the stucco on the walls, the fake irish decor, or the $6 Guinness', but I sigh every time that I get suckered into going here. Give me a break.  Two redeeming qualities: they have a scotch egg on the menu :) and their brunch is fairly legit with BOGO bloodies on sundays (I think)
Worst Bar Bathroom in Madison  It's upstairs in a back hallway. Supposedly, the lesser known louvre. More like the louvre that not even the owner knows about because it's f-ing disgusting. There's one stall for an entire floor of intoxicated chicks. The door kind of closes, so you have to meet it just right with the door frame or it'll only close partway, making it look like nobody's in the stall. Not good on period nights.  The toilet isn't fastened to the floor, so it tips when you sit your drunk ass down. No idea why no one got around to bolting the toilet to the floor. Seems like a given, but, hey, this is the worst bar bathroom in Madison. Anything goes. Seriously, though, customers shouldn't be able to tip your toilet like a friggin' cow.
Went here on a Friday night, wasn't too packed that it was hard to move around or find a seat. Just the right amount of people! Didn't come for food, just some good ol'fashioned drinking which I found to be quite expensive. Typical stocked bar and nothing extra special on tap, unless your totally in love with Irish beers.  In my opinion this place isn't anything special, especially being located on the square. Better off just bypassing.
Food wasn't exciting, but at least I could buy a Magner's Cider.
The last time I went here I was served sweet potato fries that gave me and five of my friends horrible diarrhea. Instant one star for lack of proper food safety.  They were delicious though.
In full disclosure, I have been boycotting this place since they botched my wedding rehearsal party 2.5 years ago. A bride never forgets.  However, I was forced back there this week with co-workers. I was seated in a booth with an enormous hole in the center (think toilet). The black bean sliders were bland and mushy, served on a dry bun (guacamole was promised, but not delivered), with the tiniest shred of rubbery cheese on top. Two of us ordered this and both of us agreed - never again. I tried a bite of the truffle fries and they were pretty good. Although, I would eat cardboard if you drizzled enough truffle oil on it. The Guinness is solid, for America.    The kicker. They inquired about whether they could seat another party in our booth - like, with us. It took everyone by surprise but me, since that was the same thing did for my wedding rehearsal dinner. Two parties in the same room.  But that time they didn't ask.
I have eaten here several times while staying at the Inn On the Park nearby.  Tonight I ordered a "Dublin" burger.  It was kind of terrible.  Meat was cold, sauce was colder and overly sweet, and it was missing the mushrooms and bacon advertised.  Just...nothing.  Had a salad with it that included fishy-tasting Caesar dressing.  One of my friends had shepherd's pie which he described as tasting "like a hamburger with peas in it."  Service was adequate.  Overall, not impressive.  Dunno if I'd willingly go back.
Ok, here for an event and nothing was open. We were parked right in front of the Brocach on Main.   Checked out the menu, it sounded good.  Went in, placed an order for two salads.  One Chicken Ceasar and one Southwest with a crabcake.  So, the Ceasar....incredibly disappointing.  Bland.  Runny dressing that didn't taste like Ceasar.  Iceberg lettuce only.  No romaine or anything.  They even forgot the cheese on it.  The chicken was actually tasty but very small in portion considering they charge an extra 4.00 for it.   So 12.00 for a very boring salad and an extra 1.00 for an extra side of dressing.  Pathetic.    The southwest salad, the guy who had it said basically the same thing.  Very bland and boring.    The crabcake, pretty good was the answer.  All in all, way over priced and bland.  To somewhere else.
Got ripped off majorly here. Unprofessional service and indifferent staff. Disappointed because of nice ambience.
First off, I am an Irish born (Tuam, Co. Galway) Irish-American. This is one of the worst FAKE Irish pubs I have ever been in, reminds me of an Irish themed Chuck-E-Cheese. The management was rude, wait staff was rude..food and drink far to costly. $12 for a bloody shot of Redbreast, are you freakin kidding me. I ordered the Salmon, cuz its hard to FU fish, but they did. The salmon was over cooked, very small, and very costly. DO NOT GO TO THIS FAKE IRISH PUB.  have been in Irish pubs all across Ireland and the world and trust me when I say this is as fake as fake gets. Stupid Yanks will pay almost anything to think they are in mt country. Wake up America, don't go into overpriced fake Irish pubs. Take the money you would spend in these places, save it an go to Ireland.
Cold as hell and overly sweet would sum up my brunch experience today.   I wouldn't say I had a stellar first time at Brocach.  It was literally the coldest restaurant I've been in-we had a group of 18 people and every single person was unimpressed with the temperature of the restaurant.  If you have a warehouse of a restaurant, you really should be prepared to ensure your customers are not wearing their coats while eating.  Additionally, by the time food gets to your table, its cold too.  No one seemed to complain because I'm guessing at that point, we'd burned so many calories shivering that we were desperate to eat.    I ordered the carrot and ginger soup-thank goodness they forgot to charge me for it because it was so sweet that I seemed to be able to taste the sugar granules.  I'm not interested in food that a restaurant has to make so sweet that you can't taste any other flavors.  My quiche was huge...quantity over quality.  The crust was soggy and really just not very good.  The salad had a dressing that seemed to be sprinkled with sugar dressing.    The servers were nice and the restaurant itself is beautiful but that was about it.
I don't know if I went on a bad morning or what, but my brunch was just barely edible.  It was served only lukewarm, the eggs were soggy (not exactly sure how to describe them?).  The whole thing was actually pretty forgettable except for my disappointment in the food and my annoyance with the slow and pretty dismissive waitress.  The place wasn't even full and she took forever to come around to us again. Also, I gues I would have thought most prices were overpriced for that food - but I really did not appreciate paying so much for soggy eggs I could have made better at home. Only the company (a good friend) saved the day! Not a fan.
Today at Brocach was a total miss.  My boyfriend ordered the poutine with corn beef which came out so cold the cheese curds didn't melt into the fries.  Corn beef had great flavor though.  I ordered the crab cake eggs benedict.  It was served barely warm and one of the crab cakes was about half the size of the other one.  I later ordered a pancake from the menu and was told they took pancakes off the menu. When I asked why they were still on the menu if they weren't offering them anymore the server checked with the kitchen and they made the pancake.  I was grateful but when the pancake was served it was half their normal size.  Don't know what was up with Brocach today but they had the B or C Team working the kitchen.
Sadly, this is just not the place for me.  I usually give a restaurant at least three tries before they go on my "never to return" list.  This one is on that list.  I don't know if it is just the deeply irish menu or what but I was never able to stomach anything I ordered.  Understand, many of my mates who dined with me liked it and return.  The atmosphere is great.  Decor, inviting.  Service and staff were fine, but nothing I remember as being mind blowing.    It really just boiled down to the food that was either cold, bland or fatty.  It was unappetizing to look at much less eat.  Oh, and as much as I love being culturally minded, the bag pipes really do set my teeth on edge.  lol  Having said all that, this is a very personal review and one that simply means I won't be going back for a fourth visit.
Promised myself after my last visit that I shall never return. That was 2.5 years ago and I haven't been back since!  Went in and sat down in a booth, had dinner, ordered some drinks. We had been there about an hour (dinner + 2 rounds) when our server came over and said, we need to give her a credit card because our tab was over $50 and we were sitting close enough to the door we could walk out on it. I looked her square in the eye and asked if she thought maybe there might be a better way to word that, like "I'm sorry guys, I forgot to take a card to start your tab, do you think you could provide one?" She got very defensive and started telling me how people walk out on tabs by the door, so again, why didn't you just get one to start with instead of coming to our table in a combative manner. The bar is actually pretty cool, but that little bitch sealed the deal that I will never return, nor will I recommend it to any of my friends. EVER.  We paid the tab, left a $20 tip on a $50 bill, and left.
First thing you notice during happy hour is the lack of parking. HORRIBLE!! Took me nearly 30 minutes to find a spot and I showed up there at 4:15pm. There's a small strip mall on the corner with LOTS of signs about getting towed - car owner beware!  Inside: Dark, dismal and nothing "happy" about their prices. I was at the bar with two friends and service was lacking. It wasn't very busy either; not compared to other bars in the same area during the same time.  I didn't try any of the food, which is the only reason this place is getting two stars instead of one.   As far as I'm concerned, there are much nicer, friendlier and better priced places in the Camelback Corridor than this place.
This update is not because I went back to Rosie's, but to share the comment I received from my server. I really think it's in poor taste she felt the need to contact me and makes me NEVER want to give business to Rosie's ever again. In my review I relayed the events as they happened, I'm not going to sugar coat it. I still think the cost of my friends drinks should not have been charged to me and it's not that my friends are "unreliable dining compainions", it was not their fault their drinks were not charged to them and they didn't notice. The server is the one who rang up the order and made the mistake, she should own up to it, not blame my friends or get pissy with me. It's really too bad that I don't want to give my business to Rosie's because I really do like it there and I really wasn't that upset with the server, just the situation. I still stand by the fact the drinks wrongfully charged to me should not have been my responsiblity. Doesn't matter if the drinks belonged to my friends, I shouldn't have had to pay for the mistake the server made.   Here is her comment: I was your server that evening and do not appreciate that you feel servers should have to pay out of our own pockets for your friends mistakes.  We seperate checks to make things more convienent for you.  Most places do not allow split checks.  I am sorry your friends skipped out on their portion of the tab.  Maybe you should find more reliable dining companions. As for the one beer on your tab, that indeed was my mistake and if my memory serves me correctly, i quickly and kindly apologized for MY mistake and swiftly removed it from your tab without any friction. Can't wait to see you again soon.  Rosie's always tries to give a good experience to it's customers.
I'll start this mediocre review with the caveat that I went here on a Wednesday night for happy hour with some co-workers. Also, it was evidently training day, as our service was unusually slow, according to my drinking buddies who are regulars there. So take this with a giant grain of salt...  First of all, the foam on the Guiness was thin. Inexcusable. If you're going to market yourself as an Irish pub, I expect the Guiness to be molasses thick with an impenetrable foam served just the other side of room temperature. They got the temp right, but nothing else. Also, my black and tan was thoroughly blended by the time it got to me thanks to some rough handling by the bartender/waitstaff.  The band got off on the wrong foot by asking the largest group in the bar (aka us) to move so they could set up their stage monitors. Give. Me. A. Break. You're not playing the House of Blues, there are 30 people in the bar, and you have a crappie Mackie 8-channel mixer sitting on top of the 5-string fretless bass player's amp. I think you can get by without setting up your two giant floor monitors for this gig. And spare me the crappy Johnny Rotten soundcheck, too. I get it. It's an Irish bar (Johnny Rotten was from London, not Dublin you ass) not Wembley Arena.  To make matters worse, they started off with an unspeakably lame cover of  Al Green's seminal soul masterpiece "Let's Stay Together" done as a solo piece by a guy who sounded like he learned to play guitar by listening to NPR.  Saving graces: Boddington's was on point. I heard one of the funniest stories I've heard in a long time from James "Cool Whip" H (for those of you who are interested, take me out for a drink, and I'll tell you about the "Whip Test"). Wings were not bad.  Probably my last time at Rosie's but I guess to be fair I should go back on a weekend or when the Fleetwood Mac cover band isn't playing, but seems unlikely at this point.
Unimpressed, sadly.  We stopped in for a nightcap on a Friday night and it was fairly busy. Everyone was clustered in front around the live music, and there were empty seats in the back and up in the balcony. We tried up there first, and after wondering aloud for 5 minutes, "Do you think there is any service up here?" we decided the answer was no and hiked back down. We then had to head for the back, where it quickly became clear why no one was sitting back there: The whole area smells like a urinal cake owing to its proximity to the restrooms.  A waitress came over and my associate asked about their Irish Whiskey selection. Safe question, no? Well, she looked horrified and proceeded to stumble through a list of 3 or 4 before admitting she didn't know the other ones. This is a place that advertises its Irish Whiskey... ho hum. My associate ordered one he recognized and I ordered a Guinness. We also ordered an "onion pile" to share. Sounds huge, right? Woot!  I'm afraid the Guinness was the only thing that didn't disappoint. She brought something in a whiskey glass that definitely wasn't whiskey; my associate sent it back while she explained it was "on the ticket". She was really nice, and I felt bad for her, because she was clearly not trained on listing or, indeed, visually identifying whiskey. The onion pile was a scrappy collection reminiscent of Burger King. Aye.  Maybe an off-nite for the place or the waitress or both, but I shan't be recommending it again.
My review is similar to Andy G.'s...  My husband and I wanted to try this place for ever.  We always noticed from the outside it looks super busy so thought it might be a really cool place to hang and get some good drinks and food...   We decided to go on a Friday evening around 7pm.  We were super hungry and thought we need to finally go here.   We after fighting with traffic and trying to find a parking spot for a good half hour finally stepped foot into the place.  Right away the place was packed as soon as we walked in.  No wait service noticed we looked lost and attempted to help us find a spot to sit.  We roamed around for another good 15 minutes and decided to skip this place.   Finally when we were walking out the door someone noticed us and said they have room upstairs to sit.  By this time we were hungry and said that sounds good.  She escorts us up stairs and it's a tiny little empty space with two people up there.   All the action was downstairs and I felt really cut off from the whole vibe of the place being upstairs, the waitress took our drink orders then we waited, and waited.  It had to have been over 20 minutes before we got our beer.  During that time we looked over the menu and noticed it didn't have many choices. Not feeling impressed by this place, I didn't want to order a meal and have to wait another half hour or longer for food.   We took off.   I won't return, not worth the time it takes to #1 deal with the traffic, #2 find parking, #3 find a spot to sit and order, #4 get placed in the kiddy room on the second floor, oh and I didn't mention #5 horrible early 80's rock----(I like some 80"s rock, but this was the bad stuff)
Stopped in Phoenix for the night on the way back home and found this place on Yelp.  Easy to find, plenty of parking the evening we were there and got a decent seat.  Service was slow at first and not too friendly when we walked in.  No big deal, we were here for a few pints of Guinness and some grub.  Our first two pints were served in not-beer-clean glasses...if you don't know what that means it probably doesn't matter to you.  The shepherds pie was mediocre.  It was beef and not lamb, the potatoes were lumpy and it was not hot at all.  I didn't finish it and instead picked at my wife's french fries soaked in malt vinegar.  Also, the waitress was trying too hard...it bugs me to be called 'guys' at a 4 star and it bugs me when I am in a divey pub and the waiter/ess puts on the snob.
A poor excuse of an "Irish" pub full of douchebags and bimbos.  No thank you.
I grudgingly returned after my first review at the behest of a good friend.  My previous review stands BUT I have to mention that this bar is full of ugly people.  Seriously, these are some homely patrons.  I can't go back because if this is an ugly person bar and I go to there then what does it say about me?
Do not get the fish and chips. It was bad. Did I say bad ... It was fucking terrible   ...and they didn't even compensate even though I only ate 3 bites.
There's not enough parking onsite for cars or butts on a Saturday night, but I'm willing to let that slide. We parked on a nearby street and managed to find a spot near our friends' table.  Then, the fun began. I asked the waitress for a glass of Jameson on the rocks. She seemed stressed, and like she was juggling a million open tabs at the time, so I told her I'd pay in cash. I meant to make it easier on her.
I always hate giving bad reviews, but our service left quite a bit to be desired. I can normally dismiss such things, but it became evident that our bad service was not a fluke.  We arrived around 10:00 and was told that food would only be served until 11. That wouldn't be a problem at all except that our waitress didn't return with menus until close to 10:30 and then returned to take our orders at only a few minutes before 11. The place had other patrons, but it certainly wasn't so busy as to take an hour to get our orders. Unfortunately, on each of our visits, the waitress was half listening and seemed easily confused  The food itself was quite good. The Shepherd's pie was hot and tasty and the bloody marys were actually perfectly spiced. Neither was worth getting excited about, but they were certainly decent and reasonably priced.   Considerably later in the evening, our waitress returned with the bill. There was one extra drink on the bill which no one ordered and she was perfectly friendly about saying she'd remove it, but we spent a good five minutes as she kept getting confused about our - apparently - very complicated instructions of "$20 on the credit card. The rest in cash" She continually read back excessively complex scenarios, and we kept asking her simply to put twenty on the card, that's all.  When she returned, she had taken $20 of our cash towards the bill, charged $60 to the card and kept the remaining $55 in cash as a tip. That's just shy of a 75% tip she assigned herself.   We spoke to the manager, who couldn't find her for some time, and when she showed up, she blamed us repeatedly. She finally refunded the card and brought us our new bill, with the extra drink.  It wasn't worth arguing about at that point.  The sad part is that everyone at my table, and our surrounding tables started telling similar tales from past visits. I guess this kind of service is not uncommon.
We planned a happy hour here this past Fri night.  I had heard good things so I was really looking forward to some fun with good friends and good beer.  Unfortunately, I was drastically disappointed.  The service was absolutely terrible.   The question of "What do you have on tap?" should not be a difficult one to answer.  Our server didnt feel like answering and instead pointed to the menus with attitude as if we were making her night miserable.   Strike One.  Our group quickly turned from 4 to 8.  When we turned to our server to assist us in relocating to a larger table, she told us we could look around if we wanted to, but she didnt think it was possible to accomodate a party of 8.  We asked about the upstairs and she told us there was a private party and no room.   A friend of mine went up anyways, to see a perfectly open table with 8 lovely chairs.  He asked the private party, which was paying the check and getting ready to leave, if they minded we sit at the other table.  Of course, they didnt care at all and we moved ourselves. Strike Two.  Despite the bad attitude and completely unaccomodating service, we managed to rack up quite a bill between all of us.  I waited tables for four years and consider it a given with such a large party and hefty bill to offer separate checks.  Before we could even ask, the SINGLE check was dropped with 18% Gratuity added to it.        Stike Three.  The food was average at best.  I've had better Potato Skins at TGI Fridays.  Its a shame, because this place is a $5 cab ride from my home and I really wanted to like it.    I will make the drive to Rula Bula over this place any day.
Classic Irish Pub with particularly classic Irish pub food. Some of their menu is also inaccurate so ask before ordering.   Pros: Good service (Bridget was very attentive), nice beer selection as one would expect from a pub like this, music was not too loud, food was filling  Cons: The food may be filling but it was also bland  There is nothing particularly bad or good about this place. I am sure if I was a heavy drinker this would be a great place to have a pint. I went there for dinner and it was mediocre. $27 for 2 people including a Strongbow Cider so not terrible price either.  It's the place you pass on Camelback Ave all the time wondering if you should go in there and have a drink, but you never do and keep driving.
Food is good.. Service is so so (to be expected on a Friday night...)  The reason for the one star is the server delivered the incorrect bill for our table.  While the waitress corrected the bill she billed my credit card for both the correct and incorrect amounts!!   My advice.. double check your dinner bill at this place..  Message to management:  Take the beef ribs off your menu.  The multiple times I've been there you're always "out."
I just never know if it's because of my high expectations of what I think this place should or could be or if it's actually the quality of the whole experience but for whatever reason's it never seems to meet my expectations because of it's limitations but I feel most of the staff does a great job it's just that it never seems to all come together.......... Plus the beer isn't cold enough.... Til next time
It was a lot better. Food and service have declined over the years. Still one of the best Irish pubs in terms of atmosphere... but don't expect much more than that. I can't even bring coworkers from out of town there anymore...
I gather most Pubs would look like this.  I enjoy my dives dingy, dark, and dink, but this place has a lot of room to fill.  Maybe in case you need to lay down somewhere after a few drinks haha!    I'm sure on a good St. Patty's day this place would totally rock and pop!  On a regular weekend night it's pretty quiet except with the live band which was playing.  They weren't too bad actually and I rather enjoyed some of the covers they played.  I was tad bit thrown off regarding the parking since it's not the best in the world, but oh well.  Funny cause it's literally next a sales lot.  There are a lot smokers on the patio and front door area, which for me doesn't feel inviting.  I hate to walk past a haze of good o nicotine for a few drinks; cause I can't get enough 2nd hand smoke on a daily basis!  I'm probably being to critical.  Sorry smokers don't mean to offend.    Overall the drinks came fast, but my Gimlet was definitely not fresh squeezed lemon and lime.  Right out of the bottle I'm sure so it was extra sweet and tangy - Zip!  In the end, I think I'll wait til St. Patty's to return if anything - Enjoy!
Can a place be judged by one appetizer - I say yes. Do not order their Potato cakes or Potato pellets (can't recall official name, but it's on the App menu). Yes, I knew these things were going to be deep fried, but how lazy is the freakin kitchen in this place? They dump these frozen crappy things into a fryer and serve it up with good ole' ranch to cover the taste. Do I now have to ask specifically about everything on every menu to make sure I'm not getting ripped off - apparently yes. The menu description says potatoes and green chiles and other spices rolled together, etc. How hard is it to take some of your fresh mashed stuff, roll it up , etc and deep fry it? Nah, these guys aren't interested in serving quality food, so we get a cowdung sized pellet filled with fake potatoes and having no taste. Pathetic.    Happy Hour drinks are a joke as well. They were only $2.75 for well drinks, but the 2 drinks I had and the 2 drinks she had were all water, no booze.  Plus, the blonde bartender had no clue how to change the TV stations. It was funny watching her try to change channel old school style on the set. The manager rescued her later with the remote..lol.
Never again will we go here. We are fairly sure we got FOOD POISONING from eating here. A friend of ours insisted we had to go for the fish and chips: place was pretty empty when we arrived, and we were told to seat ourselves. The appetizers were pretty good- pizza mozzarella sticks.   I don't like fried fish, so I had a chicken sandwich, which had mayo. My husband had the fried fish, as well as coleslaw(made with mayo), which no one else in our party ate. 2-4 hours later, we both started feeling quite ill- agonizingly painful stomach cramps, nausea, and several other symptoms I won't go into here. The symptoms lasted for 4 days. Bottom line, avoid anything with mayo.  We certainly will not return.
Serves up some pretty typical pub food. Bland is as good a description for the food as it gets. The onion rings are bland, the burgers are bland, the bbq is bland, the fries are bland.... you get the idea. Nice patio, drink prices are ok. Service is so so.
Yesterday, (16 June 2013) my son visited Rosie McCaffrey's. He ordered a hamburger and a small pitcher of beer. When he attempted to pay, his debit card was declined. He asked me to go by and take care of the bill. Upon my arrival, (16 June 2013, 1800hrs.) I spoke with bartender "Sam" who refused to take my debit card stating she had paid cash out of her pocket. She was unable to explain why she couldn't use my card and take cash from the register. I told her I'd write her a check then because I had no cash. She refused a check!! Eventually, Sam told me there was an ATM outside. I obtained cash from the ATM and returned to pay the bill of $14.08. Then, Sam refused to give me a receipt for the $20.00 I gave her ($14.08 plus tip). At the end of our visit she gave me my son's debit card and driver's license without even knowing who I was!!! Needless to say, no one in our family will be visiting Rosie McCaffrey's again.
Wow, what a letdown!  All the great reviews and I was expecting fish and chips on par with Tim Finnegans or Fibber Magees.  The fish was over-cooked, in fact, EVERYTHING was over-cooked.  The french fries were like shoe-string stones!!  Rosie and Seamus, you need to inspect your cooks, they're asleep at the wheel!
Loud music. More bar than resturant. Shepard pie had large portion and great taste. Food fair priced. Service slow and not responsive. Server appeared more interested in bar customers than table customers.
this review is for the Blonde bartender: Dont plan on her remembering who you are even if you come in frequently.   my main gripe is: Happy hour actually starts 5-10 minutes PAST 4pm and Ends a good 10 minutes BEFORE 7pm. I know this cuz Blonde charged full draft price on my first drink when I sat down at 3:59 (seriously, thats what my cell phone time said). Also, another visit, I show up at 6:50, still get charged full price.  so lets review, a few minutes of difference, and you end up spending about $9-15 more depending on how many pints you order...I mean, that could have been decent tip money for her.   I'll continue to go, however, if she keeps pulling this shit, I'll just stop tipping her completely
My last visit to RM was one of the most unpleasant experiences I've had at a local venue. I brought a group of friends from out of town to grab some drinks.   We were greeted at the front door by an odor that smelled like raw sewage. To get away from it we migrated to the stage-end of the bar which was empty but the live music was obnoxiously loud.   So we continued to the unheated patio area where we were immediately greeted by two local transients who asked us for cigarettes. We don't smoke and told them so. We grabbed a table and were happy to be seated and clear of the hazards.   Right then an RM staff member entered the patio area and politely asked the transient fellows to move on. They came to an agreement that if he provided them both with cigarettes, they would leave. Guess who the Staff member came over to ask? Seriously. We said no again.  A waiter then came out and took drink orders but informed our 23 year-old Chinese friend in a very cold and apathetic tone that she would not be able to order alcoholic beverages at RM since they would not, out of preference, recognize either of her 2 forms of identification from China.   Our friend was confused since she had ordered drinks at several venues in town before without issue. There was no explanation provided. We apologized to our friend and ensured her that this is not how most venues in the United States treat visitors.   About 10 minutes after drinks were served we were asked to leave the pub since it was 10 pm and our 23 year-old friend could not prove she was 21. She apologized to the group emphatically for causing a scene. We felt horribly for her and for the fact that our waiter took and placed our orders minutes before she knew we would be asked to leave.
Leaving to go to George and dragon...have been sittin at booth for half hour and no waitress in sight. Sigh...
Good selection of ales on tap.  I really like the atmosphere and decor (for a pub-style place).    Two main issues on our most recent visit.  First, our waitress was not friendly in the least - she was clearly having a bad afternoon.    Second, we were on the outdoor patio and had two different individuals hit us up for cash.  I personally had to chase the first one off because he wouldn't leave us alone.  The second panhandler was very belligerent.  It wasn't until I was in the middle of yelling at him that a staff member from inside came out to assist.
Horrible service... Ordered a drink that did not taste correct, sent it back and was still charge for the full price of the drink.  I was told there was nothing wrong on there and and I was still liable for the drink even though they dumped it in the sink.  I will never be back at this establishment and I wish them luck...
I've been to plenty of great Irish pubs, hole in the walls and classier ones, but I was less than impressed with this one. My boyfriend and I just moved to this part of phoenix and have been pleased with the excellent selection of restaurants and shops. We were driving around this past Saturday thinking about lunch, spotted Rosie's and decided to give it a go. Upon entering we asked if we could sit outside and the less than enthused waitress stated it was open seating.  Once outside we sat at a table that appeared to have not been cleaned off in quite some time, as there were cigarette ashes and condiment stains covering the top. It was 1130am so no excuse for it to be that dirty. The girl who took our order was the same waitress we encountered at the door. No personality and not a smile to be seen.   We started with the pizza egg rolls. Interesting concept, but a little too greasy.  My boyfriend had the pulled pork sandwich and I had the cold meatloaf sandwich. Both were mediocre at best. The pulled pork was dry like it had been sitting under a heat lamp. The meatloaf was bland and was covered with so many carmelized onions it looked completely unappetizing upon opening up the sandwich. All in all with the sandwiches, the appetizer and my hard cider, it came to $35, pretty steep for a lunch that was disappointing. We won't be back for food anytime soon, maybe a drink or two to check out any live music. But hopefully the next server will have some personality to spare.
Nothing to this place, the food was alright, the serves was just ok and the band playing there was horrid, I don't see myself ever going back here ever!
Aw, I can't vote zero stars?  The service is the worst I've ever had EVER. I asked for menus ... apparently not.  Had to go physically get a menu from behind the bar.  Asked to order and the waitress said she'd be right back.  Spent the next half hour trying to get her attention - no such luck. When I finally got to order my food, it was another half hour before I got to eat it.  I'm sorry, but when I go somewhere to eat, I'm HUNGRY and I'm not happy when I'm hungry.  Waiting over an hour to eat is just bad.
I was here yesterday and had great service. Tonight I walked in and was ignored by the stupid blond working the bar. After 10 minutes sitting with no drink, I left.  I'll never be back again.
Tired is the best word to describe this place.  We've lived by it for a long time and thought we'd give it a try.  What a mistake!  No one greets you, no sign to tell you to sit wherever, and no waitress showing up to acknowledge you are there.  When she finally did, it was quite obvious she didn't want to be there.  Shepard's pie - made with hamburger instead of lamb.  I thought I'd try it anyway.  When I saw the presentation - I should have sent it back.  A big glob of a dish with everything spilling everywhere.  And a ton of cheese melted on top - not a normal ingredient in SP.  Plain, boring, no spice whatsoever.  Hubby's hamburger was a frozen patty - no creativity at all - yet it's called the "Dubliner".    If you want a dive bar, go for it.  If you want real food, turn around and go somewhere else.
I have only been here once, but sadly will not be returning again.  On a lighter note, I actually thought the restaurant itself was pretty cool and I also even liked the food. Both the Shepherd's Pie and the Corned Beef were quite good!  So why won't I come back here? One of the staff was extremely rude to one of my friends and made her feel completely unwelcome. It was especially bad, because he was a manager. She brought a problem to him and he basically told her he didn't care and didn't need her business. I didn't catch all of what went on myself, because it was a loud place with music playing, but a big thing for me is the way that the management treats their customers. We ended up leaving earlier than we had planned, because my friend got offended by the manager, so this is not a place I will be returning to.  I would not recommend this place to anybody if feeling valued as a customer is important to you.
We were really looking forward to some good Irish grub, unfortunately, it didn't happen here. The Shepherd's Pie "gravy" was watery and tasteless, and there wasn't much meat. The irish stew was cold and and bland. The wait staff was nice, but service was lacking. Everything took a long time, and the most disappointing was dessert. Though the bread pudding was good, we asked for ice cream on it,  and the waitress waited too long to bring it to our table so the ice cream was almost completely melted. Won't be returning.
Just ok
I don't drink much, so I'm not dazzled by what is on tap. We came here to try a local Irish pub and see how their food was.  One star is too good for this place. I had the "bangers and mash". The quotes are necessary, trust me. My wife had -- we think -- the Shepherd's Pie. If the waitress had been attentive, we'd have asked. Since we weren't guzzling fermented piss, I guess we didn't rate on her radar. At least it wasn't terribly expensive.  I doubt we'll go back.
I've been here quite a few times for after work drinks with coworkers since it's just down the street from where I work. It's an ok place, but with 4 Peaks just on the other side of the parking lot we usually tend to pass on this place.   We went yesterday and it was a disappointment. We got there before they started charging a cover (at 4 pm) otherwise it would have been $10 to get in. I'm guessing that this was to pay for the limited tables, chairs and one tent they rented. Also the band who was singing "Your Body is a Wonderland" and something else by Snow Patrol. Also they were charging $6 for drinks. It was just a little ridiculous. It was pretty much imposable to get drinks or food inside, which those of us who have tried their food before, weren't big fans of anyway. And to top it all off they closed Rubio's next door.   A funny sight were these two ladies who brought a little girl who looked like she was 6 and 2 babies who didn't look old enough to walk. The moms' had a beer in one hand and were each pushing their stroller with the other. I know times are tough, but it you can afford buying a $6 beer, you can afford getting a babysitter.
Parking is atrocious.  Hard to find the first time, which is a royal pain every time you try to get friends to meet you there.  Off and on I've had a dishwasher soap like residue flavor issue with their glassware, especially when they first opened.  I know it's Scottsdale, but prices were still a little on the high side compared to nearby beer places such as Four Peaks and Oggis.  Very trendy, yuppie crowd and not an old school Irish pub at all.
Decor: Good.  What you've expect from an Irish public house.  Pours: A good pint.  Well rested and the right temp.  Always in a clean glass.  Food:  Haha.  That might be the worst food I've ever had.  I'm not trying to be funny.  Extras: Loud biker chick that wouldn't shut up.  I'll go back for a pint of plain, but that food sucks.  The loud biker chick became more tolerable as the pints went down, but more as a point of amusement than anything else.
Checked out the Skeptical Chymist last night and was seriously disappointed by the food.  Had the Cod Cakes and they were unacceptable.  Basically, it tasted like someone took several scoopfuls of Shake N' Bake, mixed them with with a VERY small amount of fishy substance and baked it.  There was a decent side of mac salad but it was room temperature which makes me a little queasy.    I'll go back for drinks but I'll stay away from the "pub grub."
I used to be a regular here, but something in the last 8 to 12 months sucked the soul out of SC.  A good selection of late night pub food, friendly service and great atmosphere.   Last couple of times I went, the food needed some serious improvement and getting a beer at the bar I felt like I was throwing a wrench in the bartender's coital plans for the evening.  Bring back the huge chicken fingers (and season them!), excellent sauces and remind the bartenders that for every bloke that has to wait 10 minutes for a pint because he's making the moves on a patron, Four Peaks is just a stone's throw away.
Have you ever noticed how stupid people look when they dance to Irish music?   Do you ever imagine that starting the night with shots of Irish whiskey will end with you placing drunken bets at the Indian casino while your boyfriend pukes in the bathroom?    Do you ever find yourself in a deserted parking lot in North Scottsdale asking strangers if there are any establishments nearby that actually have customers?    Do you ever sit on the patio and have men blow cigar smoke in your hair, thus tainting you for the rest of the night?    Do you ever have a guy try to hit on you when the music is too loud to actually talk?  So, you just end up yelling at each other and shaking your head as if you actually understood a word they said.  Then, you motion that you are going outside and he decides to dance rape the poor girl who stayed behind.   Needless to say, I'm skeptical about going back.
Bad attitude, poor service ok food.  Went to try for the first time using Entertainment card, they added an 18% gratuity saying is was in the rules of uses.  The Entertainment policy is a suggest tip range before 15-20%.  The service was far below average and did not in my opinion warrant large tip.  The Attitude of the manager and wait staff was very poor when I protested.  I may be taking them to court.  My recommendation is to avoid the place like the place.  A very poor restaurant management I will never return and suggest EVERYONE ELSE AVOID THE PLACE LIKE THE PLAUGE.
My husband and I decided to check out the Chymist for lunch today.  Parking lot busy - The Chymist empty..... We  seated ourselves as instructed and waited to be noticed.  The bartender/waitress finally came over and had such a bad attitude!  She was very short and snippy with her answers and not very interested in us.  My husband put down his menu and without hesitation said "let's leave"     We walked over to Wildflower Bread Company where we were greeted with smiles and wonderful food:).  Stick to the Chymist for happpy hour - where you will get half price apps and a drink for the attitude.
Food Was good.... Service was horrible.  Got into the pub about 6:50pm and was excited to see the happy hour specials... 50% all appetizers 4-7pm. WELL, you had better make sure that your waitress, or in my case the bartender enter in your complete order prior to 7pm or you will not get any discount... I ordered my drink at 6:58 according to the computer and my appetizer order was not for an additional 3 minutes... Yes, that is right 7:01pm and I did not qualify for the happy hour price.  Are you kidding me? it took the bartender 8 minutes to get to me, and there were only 8 people at the bar...   I honestly do not know if I will go back just on principal.... And this being a Seahawks bar... and I am a Seahawks fan...   It just goes to show that customer service has really become a thing of the past.  CW
waitstaff very inattentive.The table next to us asked 3 different employees to take their drink/food order and each one said 'it wasn't their area' but they'd get someone right away. We wanted to order more drinks and the waitress was never around to flag her down & she didn't check back with us until she brought the check.  Food was fine, but not much in the way of Irish pub food.The atmosphere is terrific!. There r other Irish pubs in the area that are MUCH better. Check them out before u trying this place
Worst experience ever!  We came here for lunch on St Patrick's Day & had the "unluck" of the Irish by having a clueless server. It took 58 MINUTES for our food to arrive!  Given they were very busy, she should have known after 30 minutes that something was wrong!  We tried to be very patient and waited and waited and waited.  The table next to us were vacated and the next group came in and got their food while we were still being patient and was waiting for our food.  Then the table to the other side of us was once again vacated and two men sat down.  At this time, I decided to check my iPhone as I had checked into Yelp right after we placed our order and noticed that it had been more than 40 minutes since!  Meanwhile, I was starting to really get hungry and started to get clammy, shaky and started sweating.  I grabbed our server and told her that I wasn't feeling too good because I was too hungry, my sugar level was really low and asked for orange juice or a piece of bread.  She came back with a side order of fries to "tide" us over as the kitchen was still working on our order.  One of us told her to check and see that maybe our order was misplaced in the pipeline... She said that she was really trying and that the kitchen was just too busy.  This was hard to fathom as the restaurant had a set menu of about 5 items!  Suddenly the table with the two men got served!  They ordered fish and chips and started eating and still no food for our table!  We had ordered two orders of fish and chips and 3 salads.  How long does it take to prepare this?????????  We once again asked the waitress where our food was and asked her how the the two men got served before us when they came way after we did... Same answer.  Anyways, the food finally came and we were starving, we ate, she brought us the bill, no apologies, no remorse, etc... We paid the bill in full, even gave her a 20% tip.  I would be very SKEPTICAL about the SKEPTICAL CHYMIST!!!!
Typical (poor quality) bar food. Stick to stuff which comes out the tap. I don't mean water. Great party spot for green day.  --super friendly staff, always helpful and accommodating --great alternative to four peaks, across the parking lot --big-screen prominently featured for great event viewing --soda bread filling and yummy  --irish breakfast all-day, pig fodder. Come with snout and knee pads if you want it. Better served in trough from a tin pail.  --over easy eggs served over DEAD, crispy brown, yolk as if hard boiled --sausage dry, days old reheated reheated reheated. Yeah you know how it goes. --black and white potatoes dry lumps  --new flatbreads interesting but with a kitchen making so many mistakes, you might get charcoal. --patio seating without noise cancellation phones and individual wireless mics makes conversation impossible against the roar of frontage, 30 feet away.
First impressions are always the most critical, and my first experience with this place was a bad one.  A group of friends and I came into the place and sat down at a table.  There was about 5 people at the bar and a female bartender.  After waiting 15 minutes with absolutely no one helping us, I came to the realization that the seating area was probably closed but the bartender who looked at us at least 5 times failed to mention that, or even acknowledge that we were there at all. Not even a "hey guys, the dining area is closed, I can help you up here at the bar."  She just watched us sit there twiddling our thumbs.  There wasn't room for all of us at the bar either as we had about 7-8 people in our party.  We were maybe 20ft from the bartender and in crystal clear view to her.  As we got up and left because of not being served, she didn't even say anything as we headed to the door. Absolutely poor service from her!  Maybe one day I'll go back and if they impress me, I will certainly change my rating of this place.  The owner contacted me and apologized, but couldn't you throw me some coupons or half off my order or something to attract me back?  I mean the service was an actual joke, I WANTED to spend money in your establishment but your workers didn't want to take it.  Now to find out its a Seahag bar??....That's all this state needs is another bar full of bandwagon fans that don't support the local teams.
Our first time at this pub. Food was greasy and poor quality. Best of all they LOST my CREDIT CARD! I was told by the owner not to worry and go home and they will find it . Yeah a CRIMINAL will find it ( I canceled it)   Called owner next day and mention it was my first time and I was disappointed they lost my credit card. Today he said " Well there is nothing I can do if I loose your business". I did not even mention that. Poor customer service by owner.   I suggested he get a table side scanner so they do not do this in the future. Shocker!- he said he had another persons credit card from last night.
Well the owner e mailed me and stated he looked for my credit card for 10 minutes, what else did he want me to do. UNACCEPTABLE response.  Looking for a credit card for 10 minutes is hardly an effort. My friend who is a VP of an national restaurant corporation could not believe these were his actions. Oh well..   Positive aspect: nice atmosphere and good beer.
Stopped in here for a Friday happy hour with co-workers. The beer was decently priced for happy hour. The appetizers were decently priced, which would be awesome if they were good.  The chicken strips were terrible. I have never eaten something so greasy and yet dry all at once. They are beer battered (like fish) which could be good, but the execution on this was terrible. The outside was really greasy which took away all of the crispy goodness that usually happens when things are battered and deep fried. The chicken itself was dry as a bone. We also got an order of fries that came out cold and were just below mediocre.  The place was really warm, which could be attributed to the summer heat, but we were sitting inside, so there is a fair assumption that air conditioning would be involved.  I'll pass next time my coworkers are planning a trip here. I'd be better off eating at McDonald's.
First time in we went for late lunch on Friday.  The place was really quiet, only a few other tables occupied.  We tried the fish & chips.  Pretty good but way too greasy for my taste, my partner thought otherwise and devoured.  Also served with cole slaw.  Portion are huge.  Food offerings tend to be heavy and calorie-laden.  But hey, this is an Irish pub and from that perspective, I think they've got it right.  Impressed me as a great place to Go Irish and if you're looking for some night time bar action, could probably work well.    For me - for lunch - not so much.
I don't know what it is about this place, maybe it's the location, maybe it's the crowd, but there's just no vibe here. The ambiance is cool, the little patio is nice. But I'm just not "feelin it" when I come here. The food is good, the drink prices are not that great. I give this place a shrug and a "meh" rating. Basically it's alright I guess.
Thank you, Skeptical Chymist of Scottsdale, for ruining our wedding reception. I've been in the service industry for long enough to know that this was a disaster. The food was fine, the waitress we had was great, but the GM was a terror. He has been ambiguous about the event details the entire time I've been planning. I had given him a card number for payment months in advance. He did not run the card, even after I asked him about not running the card. Contrary to the contract I signed, I was charged for the entire amount of the bill all at once. My debit card said 'oh hell no' to the massive charge and when we tried to work out something with the GM we were yelled at and basically held hostage under threat of prosecution until we could get my Dad to come bail us out. Our poor server was so upset, my Dad said she was in tears over it. What should have been a special day for us was a nightmare.
I really, really, really want to love this place.  However, the service is so sketchy I am leary of going.  I would say every other time we have a decent server.  And there is no "authority" figure visible.    We recommend this place all the time. However, I may have to pre-empt the warning with "it's great food, but don't expect great service."
I was a skeptic of this chemist of brew.  Needless to say, I wasn't too far off.  This is great for a night out with the boys to watch the game.  That's all I can say since I wouldn't recommend coming here to chat.    I ordered me a beer and some fried fish and chips.  I don't like soggy food, but I guess that's how it comes here.  The fried fish was laid on top of my garlic fries, which were way greasy.  As the fish and fries came together it was a hot soggy mess.  I might want to add tasteless too.  The place definitely has a pub look and feel.  Live music when I came that night, but the football game was going on too.  Rowdy fans and loud music doesn't go well, but I guess it wouldn't matter after a few drinks.  Our service was good, but splitting checks again can be a challenge. - Enjoy!
Stopped in for lunch a few weeks ago, the verdict: overpriced mediocre and slow. The Reuben was unremarkable and I nearly died of thirst. Latenight is better with plenty of half and half stouts (ie black and blue) and generally likeable live music on weekends.
Warning! Do not go here on Sundays unless you are a Seahawks fan! My boyfriend and I were looking for a new place to watch football, and innocently walked into this place wearing our football jerseys of a different team...big mistake! We actually got booed! This place is a Seahawk only zone, and nobody else is welcomed. If you are looking for a fun place to watch football in the area, head over to Twin Peaks which is within walking distance. They have great food and a fantastic football atmosphere where everyone is welcome.
Seahawks central!   It was a fun place to watch the Seahawks playoff game, though there were almost no specials for an NFL sunday game place--disappointing, considering that so many other bars offer at least a set of discounted apps and drinks for Sunday specials. The only offered $3.25 draft/bottles.   The food was expensive, and while they were generous on the portions, paying $10/plate for anything isn't what you want while watching football. Nor was it anything special.   The waitress was attentive and helpful. We had the fish and chips and a few beers, and it was a decent amount of food (a lot of fries). We wouldn't go back unless to specifically watch a Seahawks game during playoffs.
Ok atmosphere. Ok service. Terrible food. Great beer on tap. Overall, really below average food for the area. Everything is deep fried and fatty but tasteless. Not rushing back... Unless I'm only thirsty and it's happy hour.
If you are headed here for St. Patrick's weekend, I would be indeed skeptical. The corned beef and cabbage plate was laughable - 4 puny slices of corned beef, a scoop of potatoes and a nominal portion of shredded cabbage. What kitchen guy talked management into that? Go for a Harp or some whiskey, but save your appetite for a place that serves real portions or you will still have an appetite after dining here.  P.S The demi-glaze on the corned beef was plain silly.
Can I give this place "0" Stars??!!   This is the 2nd time I have come here and also the 2nd time I sat at the patio. The first time was not a great experience mainly because the outside server was terrible. She never came around and it made for awkward moments when she did. I decided to give it another try and what did I get?! Another terrible experience.   I came here on this past Thursday night around 830PM. I wish I knew who our server was because I really wanted to complain. My friend and I sat down outside at a table and then a moment later another group sat down after us. Their table received drinks and appetizers before we even got asked what we wanted to order. We honestly waited about 10-15 minutes before I decided to hunt for a server inside and ask where the patio server was.  I let that person know we have been waiting for about 10-15 minutes and  haven't been approached for anything. This server was happy to go out of her way and at least get our drinks. She was friendly and was hoping she would be our server and not the normal outside patio server. Well, unfortunately the regular outside patio server  ended up being our server for the night. We then tried being optimistic about it and went and ordered both our drinks and food because who knew when she would come around to check in. Well, later the night came and another 15 minutes or so go by without our server coming around to ask if we wanted anything. I ended up going to the bar outside and was about to order when FINALLY the server came and asked if she could help. Whelp, another awkward moment between the server and us.   Later that night, she came around once more and said she was closing out and if she could close our table. We said "Yes". Let's just say that her overall service deserved a at most $1 tip just because I felt bad, but did give her a 10% tip because I'm not that mean.   Overall, the food, was OK, the drinks were OK (little watered down on mixed drinks) and the customer service AGAIN was horrible. I am not giving this place another try because 2 times is enough and with the same experience.. They really need to fire most of their servers and get servers that actually know how to treat people and provide at the least "Decent" customer service. NEVER AGAIN!  Oh, and the bands music is so loud that you couldn't even have a normal conversation without yelling. Tone the loud music down so that I can actually have a choice of sitting inside at a table than outside at the patio where all the smokers sit..
Two stars due to overall disappointment in the venue.     PROS:   Fish and Chips were excellent in my opinion, and the bread pudding was outstanding.    CONS:   No one to even say "hello" when you come in the door.    Just a greeter would be nice and helpful for a first timer.    Service was spotty throughout the evening.    Most wait staff are more than happy to bring you another drink before you finish the previous one to keep their bill moving up for a better tip, but that wasn't the case here.     The biggest con was the MUSIC - first of all, waaaay too loud indoors.   This isn't a dance club, so it doesn't need to dominate.   It was a conversation killer.    Secondly, it's St. Patrick's weekend, and we're listening to country music???     It just didn't align for us.    An Irish Pub can't line up an Irish Folk Singer for the weekend?     I won't be back.
Finally located this place, as it is tucked out of the way. Kinda of an interesting look to it inside. as it try's for an Irish pub feel. Good selection of craft beers posted on a chalk board.I tried a burger and it was soggy and uninspired. Go for the drinks but don't eat.
I'm not really a big fan of getting food that has ingredients that aren't mentioned on the menu.  Not just my meal but my friends had food that wasn't exactly what we ordered.
This place was OK. I walked in on a Thursday night and it was just about empty.  The idea of it sounds better than the actual place.  The outside decor looks kind of neat with all the bottles.  Seated ourselves and eventually the bartender/acting waiter came over to take our orders.   They have a happy hour which is nice but it was for bottom shelf liquor... I want to spend money on a decent drink, not  a below-average drink that is usually already cheap to begin with.  ATTENTION PATRONS: $4 Drink is now $3 Drink!   I ordered the chicken tenders with what I think was their house Ranch. My boyfriend ordered fries and something else...  I didn't like any of the two entrees nor the appetizer from this place.  (Tasted stale and over breaded)   Definitely Skip this place if you are hungry and want some good food.
Came here on the same night as trivia and sat outside.  We never got any service, so we left.
Took twenty minutes to get a drink on a dead Thursday night at 6:50pm. Vodka with splash of soda was all soda and no vodka. Ordered the salmon sandwich with scalloped potatoes. Salmon was the saltiest fish I ever ate. Potatoes had zero seasoning. Will never come back.
The service was so slow. She didn't even come check on us despite waiting 30 min for our apps!
I'm going to give Skeptical Chymist 2 stars to average out my recent 4 star visit and my 2 recent 2 star ones.   I really want to like Skeptical.  They have everything I like:  Their food is very good and well priced. They have excellent specials and a huge and thoughtful craft beer menu. Plus, it's just a cool, local one of a kind place.  What's the problem?  Hostility.  It's a coin toss as to how you'll be treated.  I've been there probably 10 times.  One time it's great, and next time you're treated like an unwelcome intruder.  Last night was the latter.    The waitress clearly did not want to be there.  She conveyed agitation from the first moment she approached our table.  She mumbled, slouched and shuffled.    We expressed an interest in the Red Hook Beers on special.  She gestured toward a poster on the wall, clearly intending that we get up, go read the poster and not trouble her by asking her to verbalize what Red Hook beers they have.    She left, we walked over to read the poster and ordered our selections.   "We're out of all Red Hook beers" she then informs us.    She impatiently demands our "plan B" beer selection.  My wife was reading the beer menu.  The waitress asks me what beer I want.   I said " I'm waiting my turn to see the list"   She let out a sigh of contempt and just walked away.  Monday is $5 Cheeseburgers, which is a fantastic deal.  My son ordered one. As I ordered mine, she barked over me as I spoke:  "I'll have to charge you for the water"  What?   "I'm going to charge you for water"    Why are you going to charge for a glass of water?   "Because you have to order a drink for that deal and he (gesturing toward my son) only has water."  What a very charming diplomat you are, miss.  He'll have a Coke, thank you so much for asking.  The food was good but again the waitress just had this impatient "I hate everyone" attitude the whole time.    Later we asked "Can we order more beer before happy hour ends?  She just says "Yes" and keeps walking.    We looked at the board, read the menu and carefully select which beers we wanted.   She shows up with 2 glasses of what we had ordered at first.    I said "What are these?"    "Your beers"    "We didn't order our second beers yet"  "These are what you ordered before"  "We didn't want those again, we wanted something different"  "Oh" ...and left them anyway, sighed (again) and walked away.   End of discussion.  No "sorry" No "What did you want?"  No anything,  just "Oh" as in "I will put that on my list of things about which I do not care"  Interestingly, she disappeared 3/4 of the way though the service and someone else took over.  Expect good food, and a theoretically good beer selection but do not expect good service because this is not the first time the level-of-service-coin toss landed tails up..
We ended up getting sick after eating at this "restaurant". Only seems good as a bar. Service was on the slow side which you wouldn't expect for a Thursday.
Went here the day after St. Patty's. Place was empty but the table we sat at still hadn't been wiped down. Still hadn't been wiped down by the time we left. Food was OK. I had a nice Black and Tan to start the meal and ordered the fish and chips. Received a huge portion of nicely fried Cod and shoe string fries. I personally like wedges or crinkle cut  round chips but it's not a big deal. They do have huge burgers and my friend couldn't finish his Cheese Burger. Neither had room for dessert. Typical pub. Nothing to rave about. Maybe they were just recovering from the day befores party. I'll give them another try the next time I'm in Scottsdale to see if I have a better experience.
My wife and I decided to drive the 19 miles from home to Skeptical Chymist to see our good friend perform on a Thursday night. We have been here a few times before and love the atmosphere, food and beer selections.  We arrived at exactly 7:00pm and I had to use the men's room so my wife found a table. After the few minutes it took me to clean up and found her standing at the table she wanted covered in the mess from the previous guests. There were several other empty tables in the restaurant but my wife like this vantage point of the stage. I sat down and waited a while as we watched servers making their rounds and one even walked by and gave us a courteous smile but kept on walking. We agreed that he must not be our server. I walked up to the bar to read the beer selection chalkboard and returned to the table. Still no server. It is now nearly 7:10. My wife flagged down a mid to late 20 year old male with a tightly pulled back, short pony tail.  My wife asked if he knew who our server was. He just replied with "Why did you need something?" My wife said, "Yes, we need our table cleaned and want to place our order." He proceeded to walk away without a response. We sat for another entire song of Jay's set and my wife finally decided to go to the bar to order us a round. As she was approaching the bar, the server came to the table and asked if she was going to the bathroom as he watched her standing at the bar. I told him she was ordering our drinks. He said, "Nice" and finished wiping down the table. Yes, he was only wiping down the table 15 minutes after we arrived and was upset because we decided to get our own drinks at the bar.  We had nearly finished our first drinks and he had not returned to the table with a menu or to see how things were. I finally had to go find a table that had a menu on it. We made our choices and still waited. It is now nearly 7:30 and he is wiping down a table near us so I got up and confronted him in a heated tone as I told him how unacceptable his service has been. I tried to turn it on us that we went to the bar and it was "confusing" to him. He was obviously being facetious and I called him on it. He asked me what I wanted him to do. I told him to tell one of the other servers to come take our order.  He came by our table a few minutes later and made no attempt to recover the situation and only continued to tell us how "confusing" it is when a customer goes to the bar to get their drink rather than wait for him. I was so angry that I told my wife I wanted to leave. This was disappointing because we had come to see Jay play and enjoy dinner.  We went outside and calmed down. Rather than go find another place to eat and miss out on Jay's performance we decided to go back in and find a seat at the bar. We ended up staying until 9:00 and happily gave our dinner and drinks tip to the bartender.  I really don't think this young man has any business being in the service industry. Unfortunately, I believe he has been at Skeptical Chymist for quite a while so I would have to put this behavior back on management.
Everyone, please be advised - Happy Hour ends promptly at 6:00 PM. If you show up at 6:04 sit at the bar, and ask if it's still happy hour, the nasty bartender bitch will respond with a sarcastic "no" and then walk away like she's too good to serve you. Not only that, but when you inquire about the different beers they offer and how they categorize them on their elementary chalkboard, she will laugh at you like you're some kind of amateur who's never been outside of the four walls of your house. Menu is generic, nothing that differentiates it as a true Irish Pub. I was disgusted by the bartender's snotty attitude and we left without spending a dime. I'll never go back.
Went there today to have my favourite beer and maybe some fish and chips - the place is closed with a chain and padlock round the door handles - closed for good I understand!
CLOSED!  They have moved to San Tan Village. Talk about lame.
We got a groupon for Auld Dubliner because we mistakenly thought it was a restaurant we had seen near us and wanted to try it.  It's very difficult to find and took us an hour of driving around the area to get to it.  The Casinos and resorts around it have died off and we weren't sure how to get to it once we did find it and we ended up hiking with our 4 kids in 120 degree heat. On the up side,  we did find a place it would have been better to park at.  Once inside, it was clear that although *some* Auld Dubliners are family friendly, this one was more of a bar and less of a restaurant. There were no real tables that could accomodate a family of 6.  We had to sit with two rickety bar tables scooted together that were different heights. The chairs were also unstable. The waitress was nice, but you could tell she wondered why we had brought our kids to a place like this.  The menu on line was 20% less expensive than the actual menu and this was in the daytime hours.  We had wanted to order authentic corned beef and cabbage.  What we got was a whole cabbage cut in half, with very little corned beef and some kind if cream poured over it....All this for $1495.  In all, not a great experience.  Maybe it's better at night for couples.
I was surprised by the small size of this pub, but additional seating is available on the patio.  Even though there was a concert scheduled for later in the evening, there was very little pedestrian traffic on the street this evening.  We each ordered fish and chips; the former was heavily battered and the latter was from the freezer case. There many places to find better fish & chips.
I was really excited to go to this place before doing a little Ice Skating on the lake.  There was a group of seven of us and my buddy Keith and I found out they had happy hour specials during games on Thursday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday.  We went on a Thursday and right away the waiter/bartender told us 4 different specials and didn't mention food specials.  He got our drinks and I made a point to ask him if there were any food specials for happy hour.  He told me no and I was immediately confused/disappointed/mad because what he was saying didn't match up with the current Las Vegas Weekly add we found.  I got up to go to the bathroom and what do I see?  The same add posted right above the urinal with food specials and all.  I checked my phone to make sure it was Thursday and went to the bar to see that a game was on.  I don't know what this guy's deal was but that just soured the experience.  By this time we had already ordered food and drinks when I would have rather had the happy hour specials that he decided to withhold from us.  I finally looked at him and told him I wanted the bucket of beer special that was on the happy hour sign right over there.  He looked like he had been caught or something.  The food was okay but a bit pricey.  I mean, look around guys, Lake Las Vegas is dead (which is very sad).  Charge a little bit less.  Fish and chips were soggy, I could get a better burger at 'In N Out'. Their Blackened Chicken Sandwich was a bit too blackened.  The only good thing about this place were the fries.
This place is way out of Las Vegas. It is in Henderson. Apparently Henderson is bigger than I thought. Located on Lake Las Vegas. About 1/3 of the businesses are closed including the Casino. I asked Joe the bartender about the casino and when it closed. He was dodging my questions saying it is reopening under new management. He was not very polite. I ordered the Sheppard's Pie which was bad. He asked me if I ever tried Sheppard's Pie before and I must not like lamb. I told him I lived in England for a year and have tried Sheppard's Pie hundreds of times and I do like lamb. I ended up getting the French dip sandwich which was OK. The Sausage Rolls were OK. The decor is nice.
Service at best was ok, food did not do enough to over come poor service. Seemed to be a "new priced menu" for an event going on. I would go back, but things need to tighten up.
I was at Lake Las Vegas last night with my wife and we looked around at the other restaurants but nothing struck our fancy so we decided to give Auld Dubliner another chance.  We walked in and were told it was seat yourself.  We sat down and waited, and waited, and waited.  We were there for 10-15 minutes and no one even spoke to us.  The best part was that two different waiters were serving two different tables on either side of us.  They definitely saw us, saw we had no menus or drinks, and still did nothing.  I was willing to give this place another chance because the food was good the first time and just the service was bad.  I guess the bad service is their standard and I will never go back here again.
I was not impressed! Long wait to sit when no one else was waiting followed by a long wait for our drinks when it was slow. Great beer selection but plan on spending a lot of time there.
We had the same experience as one of the other reviewers.  Walked in, sat down and was ignored by the waitstaff.  Waited about 10-15 minutes before finally leaving.  There are better Irish restaurants in Las Vegas.
Female server working on labor day was the pits of customer service. Her diva attitude was unbearable. Decided to spend our money down the street at Bernard's Bistro. We had a great meal and great service at Bernard's. Will never go back to Auld Dubliner !!
After having overly salty soup and lousy service at the Sonrisa Grill, my friend and I decided to come here for a drink/and a bite to eat during happy hour. I ordered a vodka tonic and she a vodka and soda. When she received her drink, there was no carbonation and she asked if she could give her something else and my friend requested diet coke, which was also flat. When she asked if there were problems with the co2 tank, she said, that's just how it is.   After our bad experience at the Sonrisa Grill and her response to my friend, we decided to cut our losses, go back to our time share and eat/drink what we had brought. I paid for my drink and understandably, my friend chose to not as she did not drink it. When we left the waitress called over the railing, "hey, can you guys pay for the other drink?" and my friend said absolutely NOT. The nerve. We ended up going back to the condo, making our own food and drinks and relaxing. If this resort wants to make it, then I highly recommend that these restaurants get it together. Mind you, we are go with the flow customers who tip well and the only good experience we had was that morning in Henry's where we had a wonderful Bloody Mary and a gracious breakfast server. I hope that the one in my home town of Tustin does not suck like this one.
"OK class!  Repeat after me...Overpriced Irish Bar Food". Now, don't get me wrong-I dig this place, but mainly for the outdoor seating and awesome atmosphere.  It's a great place to bring out-of-town guests-especially if you wanna relax and kick-back a few beers. I usually order the fish and chips and curry french fries.  Be warned: the FULL size order are 2 huge fish pieces..wow...lots of food, BUT not great food. Our waitress seemed a little more impressed with herself than us, so that was annoying. Come to think of it, her attitude could be justification for my 8 month old to fling his Fisher-Price teething ring at her as she 'occasionally' sauntered past.  My summary is: Irish banger (burnt)wonton appetizer+2 dinners of fish and chips+4 beers=$89.00!!!!! Bundle that up with Little Miss Prissy Pants and I left thinking I could have fried my own fish and drank a couple Guinness while relaxing on the patio in my PJs.  All that and have $60 still in my wallet. Go have beer and sit outside.  Eat later.
fish and chips ........ plain jane prob the best place to drink  in the little shopping center of lake las vegas but def not worth it .. in fact skip lake las vegas all together .
Over priced greasy bar food. Although the portion was huge, the fish and chips were nothing special and super greasy. The corned beef chili was just meat and beans with no flavor or presentation.
Went here las month only to find the poor little busboy did all the work! Our tiny angry server treated us like we were bothering her  when we sat down . she demanded our order & we never saw her again the rest of the 25 mins we were there. Food wasnt bad , rueben was great  ,fish so so. Huge disappointment after reading rave reviews.
The bar must really be struggling and the "owner" must be so desperate that he thinks it's a good idea to start fights with customers. Maybe if someone gets irritated enough, a fight will actually break out and he could collect an insurance check to save his ass.
We were in the area and I was starving so my friend and I went here since there's not very many options in Lake Las Vegas. Usually, when I'm starving, food tastes better and I finish everything on my plate.   The place wasn't busy at all. The servers were quite friendly to the older men. The food came out 20-30 minutes after placing our order.  BBC Burger: My friend loved this burger. It has pickles, bacon, chipotle BBQ sauce, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato and onions. They have turkey options for their burgers if you don't eat beef. The patty was tasty and juicy. The chipotle BBQ sauce was delish. This came with curry fries. 4/5  Fish Sandwich: This looked so good but doesn't taste as good. It comes in a toasted brioche bun, tartar sauce, pickles, onions, tomato, lettuce and a huge piece of fried and breaded fish. No flavor though. 2/5  Garlic Parmesan Fries: Whenever I see garlic parm fries on the menu, I have to have it. No ifs, ands or buts about it. However, I was mighty disappointed with this version. It had no flavor to it. I sprinkled lots of salt just so I could eat this. Lots of oil, no garlic/Parmesan taste. I couldn't finish this. 1/5  This was a bad choice for a cheat meal and it made me so sad. I only ate half of whatever we ordered. It's like they have something against flavor.
I went here on a Tuesday night and as usual, this very nice Las Vegas Resort area was sadly very deserted...  My wife and I tried this restaurant since we do enjoy a good Pub.  This was among the worst services I've ever had - I can't think of a worse one that didn't involve the manager coming up and comping our meal.  We were in no hurry, so we didn't make a fuss out of it, but we were ridden by "apologies" when the waitress forgot to bring us something we requested, but then she would never correct it by actually bringing it!  The sad thing is that there was really no excuse because this restaurant was about as empty as the Resort area.   The food was actually pretty good, but it would have been nice with the sides/refills we requested but never received.  Also my pint of Guinness was like 9 bucks, which I just find ridiculous - especially for an Irish Pub.  I'm giving it 2 stars just because the experience may be different on a weekend and also the food was actually good.
Hit and miss. Have been here many times and have had some good nights and some bad ones. Food is good, albeit greasy, and decent beer menu. Won't change the tvs from nba so if you prefer anything else, go down the road.
Every trip we go for a pint and some Black Bush. Always leave disappointed. Grew up in McSorley's so I'm always looking for something to stir the memories. Not worth the trip unless you're at the Excalibur, MGM or NYNY. It's ain't NY.
This place isn't all that. Maybe its cause I went in there to early in the day.  Didn't really look like a great place to party or waste a lot of time in. Although it did have a nice Irish look. But I still won't go back.
This place is run by cheap bastards.   I have eaten here before. Nice atmosphere, but overpriced food. The fish and chips are okay, but nothing to write home about (we have better in SF).   The reason why I am giving this restaurant 1 star and a bad review is because I booked a night at the NYNY casino-resort where the restaurant is located. Part of my package included several two for one coupons. I was on that leg of my trip by myself and assumed I could use the coupon for NFI as 50% off a single item. The restaurant refused to honor the coupon (from their own property) and treated me very rudely (and this was within minutes of checking in). I can't believe they would be so cheap that they wouldn't honor a coupon in this way (for $14 fish and chips) and acted like it was the weirdest or most awful thing in the world that I would request to use it as a single diner. She told me I would have to order one fish and chips and get a second order in order to use the coupon (thus wasting the food). Not only that, but the host and bartenders didn't seem to know what was going on and were rude. I will never set foot inside this place again or NYNY. These people are cheap and it shows bad judgment and management when people book a vacation at your establishment, are looking forward to going to this restaurant, and then treat their own patrons so badly. Jerks. I am not sure what their management is thinking, but I won't ever give them my business again.
I'm going to keep this short.  This place advertises itself as an "Irish Pub" - being British I can categorically tell you this place is not a pub.  It's a restaurant.  It doesn't even have a proper bar area so the whole place is no smoking.  Maybe the foods good, I wouldn't be able to tell you.  I left.
First the good things about this place: the restaurant is very pretty.  They're trying to be your local Irish pub, if you were in Ireland, but the colors are rich, the lighting pretty, and easy on the eyes, but not flashy at all.  Seating was easy to get and the place wasn't crowded.  And that's about it.  Maybe it's because I had high expectations, but I was disappointed when I visited Nine Fine Irishmen.  I just loved saying the name with an Irish brogue and I expected there to be people dancing a jig and entertainers reciting reels or something.  We must have come at the wrong time, because that didn't happen.    The marketing machine for this restaurant did an excellent job of selling this place, what with the "authentic Irish pub, dismantled piece by piece and reassembled at the spectacular New York New York casino" crap.  I just kept thinking, "Who are the Nine Fine Irishmen?"  I checked the website, which describes each of the irishmen and makes them out to be freedom fighters.  I kept thinking, "Does that mean they're terrorists?"  I was willing to forgive them if the food was good.  It was subpar.  I was hoping the shepherd pie would be hearty and intense with flavor.  It was bland.  My friend ordered the sausage pail, which is sausage served with whole mustard.  It tasted like sausage with whole mustard.  The beer made it go down well, but that doesn't change the fact that it was just sausage and mustard- nothing special.    I was going to try dessert, but since we were so disappointed with our entrees, we didn't see the point.
A contrived, overpriced faux irish pub that's perfect for Vegas. The live music was ok though.
I was very excited to see a pub like atmosphere show up a few years back in Vegas. We went here pretty late in the evening to grab a beer and the vibe was just off. It was a lot of older couples and groups of men, there was limited seating and barely anywhere comfortable to stand out of the way. Ordered a Black and Tan and it was nearly $10!! Honestly, I think you stand way better chances of going to a pub off the strip.
Sorry Nine Fine, $7.50 for a Newcastle is a mugging and won't get you beyond two stars.  Nine Fine Irishmen is located inside the New York, New York casino.  It's more than just an Irish pub.  The ornate dcor and split level venue make it seem a little more classy than a hole in the wall.  But I have serious gripes with this place.  The crowd: You are guaranteed to come across packs of oblivious tourists.  It starts as you wait to get in and only gets worse the deeper you get inside.  These are the folks who just stand in the middle of the room staring at the wall while you try to weave your way through.  They're inescapable.  The booze:  8 bucks for a Guinness and $7.50 for a Newcastle is about as expensive as it gets on the strip.  And when it's served in a clear college style plastic cup half the time, good luck expecting any kind of tip from me.  There are a few bright spots.  The venue itself seems very authentic.  And on many nights you'll have live Irish music which is certainly better than another dj playing Boom Boom Pow every 20 minutes.  But hey if that's your cup of the just go out to the patio seating and you'll hear the music bleeding over from Rok next door.  If you have money to burn I would go to Nine Fine during the day if you feel you must experience it, otherwise it's not worth it.
I was soooo disappointed.  The marinated onion rings were really good but that was were things ended.  The fish & chips were bland.  The "tarter sauce" tasted like mayo.  It really didn't have the distinct tarter sauce taste.  The "chips" were good but please if you can't get that right I am really going to worry.  The presentation was comical.  It was in a cone and the fish was buried under a mound of fries.  The fish needed seasoned.  My friend had the shepherds pie and that was tasteless as well.  Very disappointing.
This Bar was great if you're not ordering food or expecting a real Irish Pub.  The Chicken Pot Pie is made with Ala Vodka sauce.  They put pesto on the butter they serve with store bought Irish soda bread.  Fish and Chips are bland and served in a weird cone-thing.   The Shepard's Pie is made "new American."  They focus more on presentation than flavors.  It is the least authentic Irish Pub I've ever been to.    But if you're looking for an over priced drink, 9 Fine might be the place for you.
Terrible service. We went in around 2:00 PM on a Monday.   We sat and sat and sat at the bar and no one took our order so we left without ordering.
The service was slow and the food mediocre.  Our party of 5 hungry ladies were left to sit and wait at the Guinness tap table (which in and of itself was cool).    The cheese fondue was not too impressive.  Our order took quite a while to come out and they forgot one of my friend's side of fries.  The decor reminded us of the haunted mansion in Disneyland.    It served it's purpose of filling up some hungry bellies, but I would probably choose elsewhere next time.
We made a trip from the other end of the strip to go here, but guess what?  Sat and sat in the bar and couldn't get waited on!  We finally just left.  How many other customers and how much money are they losing because of poor service?
I have a feeling the family and I came here on an off night recently during our Vegas vacation. For me, the best part of dinner was my Black and Tan. For my wife, it was probably the Heirloom Tomato Salad. The rest of the meal was pretty forgettable.   Here's what we ordered:  Guinness braised beef and mushroom pies with tomato relish and chive dressing -- nothing I would order again...pretty bland...not what we were expecting.  Heirloom tomatoes with goat, blue and farmhouse cheeses marinated in extra virgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar -- probably our favorite part of the night...nice tomatoes and cheeses...pretty yummy.  Cashel Blue cheese crusted NY strip with au jus -- this was a disaster...ordered it medium rare, but it came out well done...sent it back and as I jokingly predicted to my wife that it would come back to rare because the cook would be too afraid to over cook it again...unfortunately, I was right...second steak came back black 'n blue...looked almost like a piece of seared ahi...but hell, it was better than an overcooked piece of meat, but much to rare for my taste...we ate a little bit of it and left the rest.  This is a cool place and I'd definitely go back for drinks. For lunch or dinner...probably not again after this experience.
Tourist Trap  and Worst Pub Ever! Place looks like a poor version of a pub set not a real venue and the service was horrible (had to hunt down on straw and napkins). Most of all it was far beyond overpriced. Case and point: watered down double shot of Bailey's was $20!!!  Was excited but now disappointed that this place got our money!!
My three friends and I stopped in to grab an early dinner at 4:00pm before a Cirque show at 7:30pm. We were here for two hours.  The hostess showed us to the table and said if we wanted to eat outside instead of inside we could choose a table. When we went outside we were ambushed by three waiters who were very pissed that we took it upon ourselves to change tables. Another waiter came up and thankfully diffused the situation. I wish he would have been our waiter as it was apparently it was our waiter's first day. He forgot to put our appetizer orders in and we ended up getting our entrees after 45 minutes. The food was lackluster. I've had better Shepherd's Pie at The Cheesecake Factory.  Our waiter tried to make it up to us by saying dessert would be complimentary since he messed up with the appetizers. Well, he redeemed himself we all thought. We each were going to order a dessert since we each ordered an appetizer. When he came back to take our order he THEN clarified that ONE dessert would be comp'd. We only ended up ordering two to share between the four of us. When he brought the desserts out he explained that he still felt badly about the appetizer debacle and was going to comp both desserts. Well fine then. Whatever. He tried.  Our dinner was over just after 6:00pm and we did not have a car and our hotel was at the other end of the strip. We hurried back to our hotel to change and then hurried (practically ran) back to NY NY to see the Cirque show. Somewhere in MGM the pads of my feet gave out and turned into two HUGE blisters. I was miserable the remainder of the weekend. (They still hurt mind you.)  The next day I checked my bank account and realized I was charged twice. I called and spoke with the manager/chef who was SO nice and friendly. It was straightened out very quickly however I was out $120 while it was pending in my account the entire weekend.  I don't think I would eat here again after the long dinner that literally ruined my vacation. I am very thankful that the manager/chef was able to straighten everything out.
My chicken pot pie not very good at all. the crust was soft and soggy and the pie was more like a soup. the flavor was terrible The Shepherds pie was better. The place is a nice and has a nice outdoor patio
Nice Irish bar but crazy expensive. Worth a visit for a beer and then punch out. They usually have decent live music.
Hostess sent us upstairs since we wanted appetizers and drinks.  We headed up and were met by a very rude bartender upstairs.  He was not interested in finding us a place to seat. We asked about a table near the bar and were told to go downstairs and ask the hostress. Downstairs, we were told it was for dinner and if we were only eating appetizers we couldn't sit there.
They have a nice patio to dine, drink and watch the strip. So when they told me it would be 10 minutes til we could be seated for dinner it was strange that the beeper would not work on the patio. When I asked if they could come and get me on the patio, about 76 feet from them I was told it was to busy. O.K. The food was not bad but pricey, as is typical of food on the strip. It was well prepared. The service was sad. We had a party of 7 so were required to pay a mandatory gratuity, so our waitress figured she was going to get her tip regardless so she spent her time somewhere else. We saw her once when we ordered, then again 45 minutes later when out meal arrived.  Good pub grub with a gamble on the service.
With reviews like this I was expecting to never want to leave this place.  We went for breakfast and I won't go making this a destination for early morning fare ever again.  I'm not docking stars for limited B, just reviewing based on what we ate which was BREAKFAST BEYOND BLAND.  Decor is delightful and they do have outdoor strip seating, but you're better off sticking to the liquid and saving up for a buffet.    Ham/egg/cheese on ciabatta was $13   Irish breakfast (size and quality of Dennys) will run you $16
I came here on a recommendation that the fish and chips were better than another place that I love.  So I was expecting to be blown away, I was greatly disappointed.  Not only were the fish and chips not better than the other place I love it they just weren't that good.  The fish was really bland almost as if the batter was just flour and beer, it was just flavorless.  Of the multiple orders of fish and chips we ordered several pieces had that layer of skin that would be left if you pretty much only removed the scales.  It's ok to eat, but it was kind of like eating a sheet of something brittle between the fish meat and the batter.  Another piece was soggy and when picking it up the skin just tore away chunks of fish fell off.  We were all disappointed in the fish and chips.  If they tasted better, they would have been a great deal, three large pieces of fish for about $16 bucks.  If you are looking for fish and chips look else where, the other food might be better, but I won't be coming back to find out.
I remember a few years back I really wanted to come to Nine Fine Irishmen....Some fascination with an Irish pub because my then boyfriend was Irish. HMMM.....just like that relationship, Nine Fine Irishmen left me...totally dissatisfied. The idea is right but just poorly executed.   We ordered the Curry Chicken Salad Sandwich and the Fish and chips...The Curry Chicken was in one word: weird. Texturally, like eating paper mache with chunks of raisins in it. PUKE. My fish and chips were soggy and miserable. UGGGG. Susan and I ended up pushing our plates away. The only dish that kept us from walking out was the Beer Cheese Dip that we ordered. It was cheesy and tasty and had bread, crackers and breadsticks to dip.   All in all-we spent $75 for cheese dip. Ridiculously a waste of money and time. A pretty cool looking pub to take some snaps but I would never suggest eating here.
Well,  Ambiance was great, service terrible, entrees terrible. The server never brought our appetizer. We had to ask another server to get drinks. We order a shepherds pie and a chicken pot pie. The shepherds was at least edible. The chicken pot pie was not.
Wont go back.  Very little seating in bar area.
Okay I do quite a bit a of traveling and love Guinness and Smithwicks.  My wife and I make it a point to find and Irish pub in every city or country we visit.  This was the worst Irish bar I have ever been in.  We sat down at a table and waited for a server.....and waited...and waited.  So I go up to the bar and order some drinks. I asked the bartender if we could have a server take our dinner order and he said one will be there soon.  We waited...and waited...finished our drinks and still no server????  So I walked over to the doorman to see if we could get a server.  He goes in the back and a server comes out who looks like like she wanted nothing do do with taking our order???  We order some appetizers because the prices were ridiculous.....I know it's Vegas but come on $21 for fish and chips ??? what do they use swordfish ???  Not just the food but $7 dollars for a shot of Irish Mist  ??? and he hardly filled the glass.  Listen I have never spent the time to write a review good or bad on any place but this place really got to me.  Next day we went to Ri Ra Irish pub at Mandalay Bay it it was awesome...get service...great prices and great atmosphere.
My boyfriend's fish and chips were bland and way too greasy. Our server had to bring us a fresh batch of fries because the first batch was cold.  I had a decent spinach and chicken salad (kind of hard to mess that up).  I don't recommend this restaurant.
$9 for a tap beer?! Come on... Waited forever for our food - after half an hour we paid for our drinks and left. Impossible to get a table - unclear if it was "seat yourself" or if we just find our own place. I love Irish pubs and was very disappointed with this one.
Nothing personal against Nine Fine Irishmen...this review is more about ALL Irish pubs in general.   WTF is the big allure with Irish pubs? Drunk, aggro mooks swilling dark-ass beer and eating grotesque, high-sodium high-fat carb-heavy food in a frenzied, fake-ethnic Animal House atmosphere. WHY???????  I was coerced into having lunch here the other day, and it was GROSS. I thought I'd be OK just ordering a good old-fashioned cheeseburger. Little did I know, the Irish apparently slop garlic mayo all over everything, and even a simple cheeseburger isn't good enough without adding a layer of some kinda weird flesh-bacon on top of the regular meat patty.  Aside from the food, I find the atmo at Irish pubs to be INSUFFERABLY ANNOYING. All that dark wood paneling, hearty waitresses, manically jovial Irish music blaring from the jukebox....it's my own private version of hell! Secret fact about me: I looooove holidays, but on St. Patrick's Day I crawl into a hole and HIDE -- all that green beer and all those drunk idiots make me want to VOMIT.  The sole exception to my anti-Irish-pub stance is O'Shea's...because it's more of a shithole dive bar than a pub, they keep the wood paneling to a minimum, Irish music is almost NEVER played, and my friend Brian works the door in a leprechaun costume.   I'll reserve my VERY infrequent Irish-bar hankerings for O'Shea's! With any luck, I will never set foot in 9 Fine R R Paddy MacGillicuddy's Krazy Old-Tyme Potato-n-Whiskey Shack again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Ugh!
Service by Trish was awesome. The seafood stew awesome. The sheppards pie, HORRIBLE!  How does an Irish restaurant screw up sheppards pie? .In all fairness though, the Irish have never been known for thier cooking.
On my recent trip to Las Vegas my stay was extended for an extra night due to snow on the freeway toward LA. It was a business trip so one of my coworkers and I decided to make the most of it and do a little bar hopping.  The Irish Car Bomb is one of my favorite drinks and my coworker had never tried one before. We made it a point to start the night off with one of those bad boys. I figured there was no better place than an Irish pub to celebrate his first Car Bomb.  We showed up Sunday night around midnight and the place was completely packed. The first thing we both noticed was how the place reeked of B.O. Shortly after that we realized how the place was full of old men in their 60's or later. Keeping in mind that a lot of places don't serve Car Bombs, we held our breath and fought toward the bar.  The bartender was nice and attentive and made our drinks really quick. There was even a great Irish band playing on the small stage in the middle of the bar. Several drunken dancers just happened to be flailing about with sections of the crowd cheering them on. Even though most of the crowd was old, the vibe was fun and the music was actually really good. However, once we finished chugging our drinks we aimed for the door and on to the next place...
So the service is slow and the food was sub par. Anything above 2 stars would be stretching it. After waiting 30 mins we finally got water! The waitress was rude & when the manager was notified he says, "She's one of our best servers, I can't believe she would be rude." This place SUCKS
First... it's a pub and you have to realize the food is pub food.  Not fine dining.  The sheppard pie was meh. The meat was more like ground beef than chunky beef as described in the menu.  There wasn't much texture on top of the pie.  I was expecting some kind  crusty texture.  The drunken onion rings had no bloody mary type flavor.  Tasted just like Onion battered with the fish n chip batter.  The service and beers were good.  I would say go here to get your drink on and grub a little on some mediocre food.
This place was really disapointing. I had really high hopes the music was good and its a cool atmosphere but the food that we ordered wasn't  good. We had lamb stew and shepherds pie. They were both pretty bland.
The single star is for the awesome interior and atmosphere. And that's where the star-ness ends.  - We were told we'd have a 15-20 minute wait, which was fine... until half an hour went by and we went from buzzed, happy-but-hungry to straight up sober and hangry. When finally seated, we were brought to a very private table at the top of the stairs near the back which we initially thought was awesome, except we later suspected they put us there just to forget about us.  - After receiving our waters, my husband and I added Mio flavoring to ours. Our waitress immediately got snotty with us and demanded to know who had gotten us a drink so that she could add it to our tab. Wtf.  - Only ONE page for the entire dinner menu, including salads and appetizers? Pathetic.  - My husband ordered the lamb stew, and for nearly $20, boy was it lackluster. Considering how mediocre and mushy it was, they could at least have served him more than one ladle-full.  - While at dinner for over an hour, our waters were NEVER refilled. Not even once.  - Between the six of us multiple salads, stew, fried sausages, and onion rings were ordered. The ONLY things worth ordering were the appetizers (which were delicious). No joke. No one even finished their boring, overpriced salads.  - A bus boy brought us a basket of starter bread when we were almost done with our meal. Thanks, I guess.  Needless to say, we were especially miffed that we were forced to tip a rude waitress who basically showed up to our table only to take our orders and then give us our bill. (Please keep in mind that we received this awful service on a weekday evening in the slow month of February.)  I've worked in the service industry for years, and I understand the trials and hard work that go into customer service. However, the staff at Nine Fine Irishmen is in some DIRE need of lessons in customer service. Have already been warning several of my Vegas-bound friends away from NYNY and all of the food establishments there!
I was really looking forward to our visit based on ratings and a LV resident recommendation.    That said, I have had much better Irish food in NYC and ATL.  And the service, while friendly, was very slow on delivering the food.  Ordered battered sausage and onion rings for apps - both were very good.  For entrees, shepherd's pie and herb crusted arugula and goat cheese salad with shrimp.  Shepherd's pie was a large portion (good), with great mashed on top but the meat was dry - no gravy!?  If it had some moisture to it, it would have actually been a really good shepherd's pie....  The shrimp on the salad was tough and overcooked (re-heated??).  Seemed like they had been sitting around too long or had been cooked the day before.  Ordered a Stoli and tonic but somehow got a Smirnoff and tonic (shown on the bill).  Perhaps it is unfair to expect to have great pub food in LV...but it's such straightforward and simple food, I would have thought it would have been a no-brainer.  Maybe Ri-Ra would have been a solid bet because it is a chain...but I will get my pub food at Olde Blind Dog in ATL :)  Atmosphere was fantastic and authentic....I am sure the live music is a good time too.
My first experience at 9 Fine Irishmen was during Viva MyVegas launch week. They poured a nice cold mixed glass of Stella and Strongbow (magners perhaps)... It was enjoyed thoroughly!  The steak was good... Not great, but good... It had a bit more gristle than I was expecting, but that happens sometimes with the particular cut I chose. It was tougher though than it should have been...  The Mac and cheese was great, rich, creamy and steaming hot! The colcannon mashed potatoes however were not the greatest... and none to hot and unfortunately the waiter was gone long enough that it wasn't worth waiting to get it changed out for new stuff.... You know when mashed potatoes sit to long on a line and they get that over starched hardness... Think that, but cold, with mixed in cold uncooked cabbage and ham.    The rest of the meal went rather well... The atmosphere was a bit darker than I would have cared for.. In fact it was hard to see the stairs... I can deal with darkness in a restaurant at the table... But the stairs, is usually a good place to keep things rather well lit.   MyVegas we behind on the viva launch and had only one POS terminal setup... As such my first receipt did not have a Viva code, I talked to the waiter about the program and he gladly reprinted my receipt on a terminal with the viva integration...   Overall my experience was pretty good... However nothing I would write home about, and it was below my initial expectations... I personally would go there again and give them a second chance to see if things improve. Nothing scared me off...
Horrible pour of a Guinness pint! Glasses are not branded and the they didn't even tilt the glass, plus no one is Irish who works there...!
Delicious food, but worst table in the house. If it seems like you're in a hallway, ask to move. Service was just okay. Fairly expensive.
I hate this place. Terrible service and dining experience. Hostess that doesn't really want to be there. Waitresses overburdened with vast real estate. Managers not paying attention and the food was subpar. Chicken pot pie was tiny and way undercooked.
Awful will never go back staff was rude and bartenders were ghosts each time we wanted drinks they were gone! The best was when they charged a cover to get in and we went up stairs and sat down and they they closed the upstairs...REALLY I am paying to sit here! STAY AWAY!!! let this place die!
Reading the reviews on Yelp, I was excited to try this place. Unfortunately, it did not live up to my expectations. Bottom line was that the food was great (I had salmon), but my party of 2 waited almost an hour for our meal and it wasn't even really busy. Our server was not very attentive either. Would probably not go back given all of the other options in Vegas.
Got the beer cheese dip because I saw it recommended here and was not impressed. Tasted like it was half velveeta with mozzarella melted on top, served with some pre-made breadsticks reminiscent of the Olive Garden and some crackers. Beers were $8 a pint for non-craft beer... That may be normal in the strip, but as a Portlander I was appalled.
The food was way overpriced and lacked any decent flavor. I did not even take my leftovers to go because I was so dissatisfied with how it tasted fresh. My friend's sausage was mushy in the middle and my Irish nachos were disgusting and made my stomach feel sick. We were paying separately and even sat at separate tables, but they insisted on putting us all on one check and making us split it ourselves. This put us over the limit that put a forced tip on our check. A forced tip that was very unearned. The service was horrible and slow. We saw our server once every 20 minutes or so. I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy. Stay away. The pretzel's at Nathan's up the stairs are divine, and a hell of a lot cheaper. Just eat there. You'll be a lot happier if you did. I wish I would have.
Service was terrible.  Wait was horrific even for Vegas.  The entire staff was very rude and we are experienced dinners from So. Cal.  We will never return here and we have eaten here before two separate times. I don't know what has happened here.  Couldn't recommend it. Fix your helps attitudes towards customers.
Really wanted to like this place as we love pubs, but didn't have a great experience.  Went around 10:00 on a Saturday when it wasn't too crowded yet, but our service was really slow. The food wasn't especially good, not awful, but just tasted a little off in one way or another. For the price, we all expected better. The bright spot was the colcannon soup which two people in our group got and loved. The "Dubliner" martini sounded interesting, but turned out to be a very run of the mill, too sweet appletini.  We were especially bitter when the bill came and included a 20% "entertainment tax" despite the fact that we were seated in the back and couldn't even see the band. We probably would have eaten elsewhere if we had known it would end up being so expensive.
Chris wanted to go back to Il Fornaio but I wanted to try something new while we were away, big mistake. When we approached the podium the servers seemed confused, which I cannot find any reason for, you work at a restaurant we want to sit down....what's the mystery? They got it all worked out an sat us. There were bread plates on the table but no bread ever made it to us. Chris ordered the Lamb Stew. The broth/stock was excellent. The concept was good-clean simple flavors- but the execution was a miss for us. The lamb, carrots and potatoes were cut in chunks way WAY to big to fit on the spoon or eat in one bite. It is inconvenient to have to cut something in or bite into something from a soup. I ordered the salmon salad with the dressing on the side, but some other salad with pickles and chicken came out with the dressing on it. I didn't want to send it back so I just ate it. The dressing was light and tangy. It was a little too sour with the pickles. Actually the pickles in the salad were not good all together. We will be back this summer, staying in the Venetian and Nine Fine Irishmen will not be on our check list.
I don't drink. Going into a loud bar with a bunch of drunks is just not my style.  So, unfair to them, I wasn't a fan.  Having said that, my friends are a bunch of drunks, so I usually come here with them.  Good Irish bands, if that's your thing, and a lively place.  It's a fire hazard due to the wall to wall overcrowded place.  Perhaps I should drink and loosen up.
I would love to review this place's food, but the hostess was so unbelievably RUDE that I immediately left with a group of co-workers after a 10 hour day at CES. That's how bad it was.  The hostess's name badge said "Martiza from El Salvador". I could care less where she's from, but hopefully someone from Nine Fine Irishmen will read this, be able to identify her, and at bare minimum send her back to customer service training.  We were running about 15 minutes late for our 7:30PM reservation. (HELLO, it's trade show season in Vegas -- it happens.) So, I called into Nine Fine Irishmen, and let them know. I was told on the phone, "No problem, we'll push the reservation back to 7:45PM."  We arrived at 7:45PM on the dot. The hostess, Martiza, looked at our names and said, "You're late, so you'll have to wait." I informed her that I had the reservation pushed back. Her boss came over and said, "It's OK, I've got them." She was clearly irked, and started yelling as we walked away with him.  After he took us upstairs, he said to please enjoy ourselves while we were seated. But, we couldn't find a seat, and no one came to seat us. I went back town to Maritza to say, "Where was your boss going to seat us?"  Instead of telling us, she snottily yelled, "I TOLD YOU there's no seating."  "Well, MARITZA, your boss said there was, and was trying to seat us," I reminded her, my patience running out.  "He doesn't do the seating charts, so he doesn't know. You're late, so we gave your table away. They're almost done, they're just finishing their drinks, so you'll be seated after they're done."   So, let me get this straight. In the fifteen minutes we were "late" (which is almost always a window that a restaurant gives you anyway, not to mention I had changed the reservation), you managed to seat ANOTHER party of four, get them through drinks, dinner, dessert, and a final round of drinks.  I don't think so. Martiza screwed up the seating chart, and then had the nerve to, instead of act like a classy, well-trained hostess, go on a pissy-pants party.  Any REAL hostess with real training (particularly in a foodie town like Vegas) would have said something  "I'm so sorry, there is a little wait due to the rush with the trade show. Why don't you have a seat at the bar with a glass of wine or a beer on us, and we should be able to seat you in just a few minutes."   If she had done that, we would have stayed, and gladly spent our company's food and drink allowance there.  Instead, Maritza's horrible, entitled, condescending, and insulting tone and manner led all of us to decide to eat elsewhere. I said, "We've decided we don't want to eat here," and handed her back the reservations. A huffy "FINE," a slam of our menus down on her podium of stank attitude, and turning to gossip with another hostess (almost certainly about us) was her reply.   We went to Il Fornaio (also in New York New York), were seated within 10 minutes without a reservation, and had a great meal with lovely and attentive staff. Kudos to them!  I wouldn't step foot back in Nine Fine Irishmen as long as Martiza is a hostess. I hope that Nine Fine Irishmen takes a better look at their hosting and wait staff. There are so many places to eat in Las Vegas, and plenty other of wonderful Irish pubs (Ri Ra in Mandalay Bay, for one).   Customers don't need diva attitude!!!
"This pub has always been a favorite for us. Unfortunately this trip to the pub was extremely disappointing. We waited over an hour for our food. The crab cake appetizer came out promptly, but it was one crab cake I would expect it to be fast. We had a table of six,  I would say only two of the dinners were acceptable. Out of our orders the pot pie had a good review along with the fish and chips. They were both very good. The lamb that I had ordered medium rare came well done. The tomato salad my wife ordered came soggy and she was disappointed. The shrimp were over done along with the asparagus. Last but not least the salmon plate was ok, but that is a hard dish to please someone from the North West. We were credited the lamb for beand the chef credited the one crab cake. But unfortunately I would probably not eat there for a long time.
The staff here would be very glad if you would kindly go away.  Waiting on people is a bore and a bother and they are quite tired of it.    The place is supposed to look like a pub, but it just looks like some American designer's idea of what a pub looks like for some pictures he once saw.  And the place is almost laughably false-looking.  If the screechy music playing too loudly is typical Irish, it makes one wonder whether the Irish came to America to escape the potato famine or to get away from the music.
Good music, good beer and good fries. The fish in the fish and chips were almost impossible to eat. The service was not so good too.
This review if for the location in New York New York and this one is nothing like the Irish restaurant in Mandalay. The shepherds pie was literally like someone put in ground beef and carrots with mashed potatoes and no extra flavors. It was like something I'd make for my dog. Sorry. The creamed corn had no flavor whatsoever. It was so dull. The sodas for some reason were not carbonated. I had a sierra mist and I thought it was flat so I changed it to a coke. Same problem but I didn't want to complain and seem stuck up.   I did however like the rack of lamb (med rare). It was perfect. WARNING! They do not come with sides, but when you do order a side item it is pretty big so its enough for two people to share.   The hostess was very sweet. The server was nice but rarely checked up on us. Didn't get a refill either.  I was looking forward to eating here all day hoping to get the same great taste I received at the Irish Restaurant in Mandalay Bay, but I was very disappointed. Hopefully when I eat at the other location tomorrow I wont be dissatisfied.  TIP: It wasn't only my table that felt this way. When the bus boy came and asked us how was everything we told him our opinion on the food and he agreed. He said it was a new chef and they claim everything is the same as the Irish Restaurant at Mandalay but the other restaurant was  much better to his opinion too.   SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GO TO THE OTHER IRISH RESTAURANT IN THE MANDALAY BAY SHOPPES!
If an entire order is lost in the kitchen for over an hour, you comp an item on the bill. This establishment apparently, doesn't care about return customers.
They don't have Jameson Black Barrel here :/ no accents... The Irish pub in Mandalay Bay is leaps and bounds better. Heading there after this first drink is done.
Took my fiance to experience a Real Irish Pub since she's Irish.  Place is beautiful like other reviews but no place to really sit and enjoy the entertainment and you'd figure an Irish Pub would have an Irish band but all we got was country music.  Very confusing.  Not sure what other reviews are talking about irish inspired.  Id go to a country bar for country music.  Im pretty darn sure sweet home Alabama is not from Dublin
Good food, as far as I can tell since in 45 minutes we have only gotten our appetizer.  So far, the only reason to come is to get $35 in free drinks.  Stay away!
I never thought I'd give this place a negative review. I've been coming here for years. Every time I come to Vegas I ALWAYS come here.   So I just got here and ordered the traditional Irish breakfast. I was born and raised in Ireland so I know what to expect.   So when I got the food I was very disappointed. You get half a sausage, half a piece of bacon. So many potatoes u don't know what to do with and even sweet potatoes. How's that Irish? Very disappointed!   Anyway, if your expecting traditional Irish food - it's not here. It's catered to American tourists who don't know what Irish food is.   The Guinness was great that's why I'm giving two stars.
I love this place because we come here every time we're in Vegas. We have so many good memories here and the entertainment is fantastic. The Irish dancing is so cool and the music is a lot of fun!  BUT if you're hungry, this place is eh. We've had the irish soda bread, some sandwiches, the baked brie, irish nachos, and the pot pie... the pork chops (if they're still available) were great and memorable. Drinks are consistently good and of course the decor and ambiance is fun and lively. This is a must see for tourists coming to New York, New York.
YUCK! And YUCK!! Hubby and I went here for my birthday. We both ordered the fish and chips. Talk about GROSS!! I asked for mine to be well done and it came out way under cooked. The breading was just soggy and the fish was cooked "rare". My husbsnds wss the same. Needless to say we didn't eat it. We were shocked that they put a 27 dollar price tag on it too. The service was abysmally slow as well. This place is probably okay if you just want to drink.
Good times.  Great for St. Patty's!!  Get in early to grab yourself a table and start collecting the celebratory plastic cups.
Saturday night at this Irish tavern is okay, the house band is good. The food is acceptable. There's a good vibe and the Tavern's loud but not too loud. I don't love the place nor do I hate Hennessey's it's just very okay. It's an ideal 2 and a half star experience on Freemont. *The Gunniess Bloody Mary thing left much to be desired.
If you are a grown man, you will leave hungry as I did. Yet another place which manages portions to squeeze every last dime of profit from your plate. Come-on how about throwing me a quarters worth of vegetables on my $14 dinner plate? The Garlic bread was two peices which at one time were one, sliced in half to add to the illusion you are being fed.  Beer was over-priced and not even really cold. $6 for a 12oz beer is, well, a rip-off.  Waitress did not know what the Specials were. Apparently the 5 items a week, one per day was too difficult for her to memorize. She had to hunt down a laminated card spelling out what the specials were.  Place stinks, is dark, service is weak and the portions are small.
Mikkie Finnz's sister bar next door. The food is almost as horrible.  The fish and chips suck and so does the whole menu. DO not eat here.
We were there on a Friday night. Took 10 minutes at least to get the waitress over to our table, and the place was more or less empty.   The beers were expensive for a pub, and the food was lackluster to say the least.   Not horrible, but a serious MEH.
Wow...we came to this place by accident -- well my friend's husband wants to see their largest pint advertisement and it was huge, but that's about it.  There was live music playing, sound system wasn't the greatest so it was really really really loud. Be careful with your eardrums!   I got my usual drink - a long island and man, they messed it up! They put a whole chunk of tequila instead of balancing it with rum, vodka, and gin! It was nasty.   The boy got a cider and that too was eh.   Overall, definitely a locals only bar...
Its an ok place.  Nothing to distinguish it from hundreds of other "irish pubs".  They do a lot of toursit business and it seems that tourists aren't all that picky.  They carry no ciders and use American pint glases.
Two things keep me coming back to this place: 2 for 1 burgers on Tuesday at lunch and the staff,    Hennessey's is one of the few real bars in downtown Vegas -- which is casino-centered.  It sells itself as an Irish Pub, but comes off with more of a Bennigan's vibe.  The prices are pretty steep for the mediocre quality of the food, but cut those prices in half for 2 for 1 burgers and its worth a visit.  Beyond that, the only real reason to visit is to catch sports on a big screen tv outside of a Fremont Street casino.  The customer service is pretty solid and the servers do a good job keeping the customers happy.
Ate here because nothing else was open. Buffalo wings way to salty. Ribs were aight.
Conflicted on this one. Awesome bluecheese burger. Service should have been more responsive and personable.   We ate here in November. We started out next door at Mickie Finnz where we sat for 15 minutes without being acknowledged by any of the staff. So admittedly we were miffed when we got up and went over to Hennesseys. We got a seat outside on the deck, which is a pleasant spot for a burger and beer right on revitalized Fremont East.   Unfortunately, we sat there for another 10 minutes before anyone bothered to stop at our table. WTF ... the wait staff there repeatedly walked past our table without stopping, just like the other place! The joint was not busy and I was pissed. But eventually I was able to sip on a Guinness draft as I tried to chill my ass out. The Guinness helped for the most part, though I was not pleased with the level of service we received throughout the meal. Our waitress simply was not personable and provided only minimal service. I am confused because of all of the positive reviews posted here on the personable service. Perhaps it was a bad night for our waitress. Anyway I only tipped 10% that night. I do not remember ever tipping anyone less than 15%.   However, the food was pretty good. My wife enjoyed the fish-n-chips, which had a decent fish to batter ratio, though we both agreed the bluecheese burger was great. Probably the best bluecheese burger I've had.   We might go back, but we might not either. There are many other choices out there.
i did not eat anything just beer and the beer prices and the place was good. One thing though Do not order a martini style drinks in multiple shots. A friend ordered 5 Washington red Apple shots which are also a martini on the menu. So we got 5 of those and they were served in Double shot glasses half full or third full which is about a ounce a shot. Obviously the bartender thought were were dumb when making these and charged us the $9.50 a piece 3 oz martini price. So, most likely won't return because of this. But, maybe I will return if I happen to be in Fremont. ***note to bartenders*** fuck somebody on a drink and like you don't get a tip.  Amazing concept I know.
Came here to watch a buddy play drums in his band.  Ordered a Coors Light.  Thought it tasted a little "shoe polishy" and stale.  Turned out the date on the bittle was 2.5 years old!  Yikes I guess they don't sell much Coors there.  I didn't eat any food there.  Thank god.
Definitely inconsistent. The bartender and the manager were both SUPER nice and since I just wanted To Go, told me to head to the bar (I'd been sitting five minutes and the three waitresses milling around doing nothing had ignored me). I went to the bar, was told by a server to move and then 30 seconds later found out that this server would be taking my order. Without remorse, she rang me up, asked me if I wanted my change, and then complained to the bartender that she needed to give me change... IN FRONT OF ME. When the food came out, she practically tossed the box at me and of course, it was the WRONG ORDER. Might come back, might not. But if I do, you better believe I'm having a chat with the manager.
the food was pretty good, but we wanted to take advantage of the check in offer of 1/2 off an appetizer and when i showed the waitress she went 'WHAT IS THAT!??!?!' all amazed and confused about the mysterious yelp.  now i'm not about to fight someone over a $5 discount, but she didn't even bother to ask the manager or another server. so that part was lame.     the next day we needed to break a $20 to get on the bus so we stopped in here and the same server gave my bf sh** about breaking the bill and guilt tripped him for not buying anything.  seriously? seriously. rude. no thanks.
After a long night of drinking, doing the Time Warp (of which I was the ONLY one to have seen the movie -- I KNOW!), and looking at stupid/drunk Halloween revellers, our night wound up taking us to Hennessey's. Wanting to enjoy peoplewatching, we sat out on the patio. Our group, as one might guess, consisted of a boxer (me), a bee, a knight, a greek goddess, a beer frau, a Mormon missionary, Smurfette, a pirate wench, a gypsy woman, and a cowboy. Obviously.  We sat down, waiting for our server.  And waited.  And waited.  And double-checked inside, considering for Halloween it was pretty slow and the cover band wasn't that good.  And waited.  Finally coming out was our zombie waitress, who for her part was quite apologetic, saying floor plans had been changed and she had not been notified. We gave our drink orders, and BEE-lite Emily split a basket of fries with me.  And we waited.  And waited.  Then another waitress came out and tried to take our drink order. We were quizzical. If this is a Halloween prank I don't enjoy it! I put my drink order in again, but then Good Sir Hector said that we had already put in our orders and were waiting for them.  And we continued waiting.  Then my drink order came out from the pirate waitress, separate from everyone else. I settled the tab, puzzled.  Then our full drink order came out with my order repeated. I sure as hell am not going to pay for them again! Our fries were pretty blah too.  From all the reviews I've been reading this is a pretty good place on Fremont Street, but it wasn't a very good first impression from me.
AVOID AT ALL COSTS! VACATION KILLER! We came here during our most recent vacation and were very excited to try the "World's Largest Pint Glass." (Turns out it's half the price on Monday happy hour so we decided to grab lunch and come back later).   Looking for something simple because we were going to be walking around, I ordered the Grilled Cheese and Soup. My boyfriend ordered the French Dip. When it arrived, he took one bite and immediately sent it back. (Keep in mind, we have been dating over a YEAR and he has never sent a meal back.)    Because we were on a schedule, we decided just to split my meal and get something later. After we had paid, the manager came by and asked if there was anything they could do about the sandwich. (Having worked in a restaurant, I know if he sincerely wanted to help us, he would have come by during the half hour we shared a small sandwich and cup of soup.)   A FEW HOURS LATER BOTH MY BOYFRIEND AND I WERE VIOLENTLY ILL for the remainder of the evening.  We miss the show we bought tickets for, took turns taking over the bathroom and miss out on an entire night in Vegas.   Don't make our mistake. Hennessey's is a disaster and the only thing I'll ever want from them again is a refund on my trip.
Only been here a few times, but each time I have had to wait at least 10, if not 20+ minutes for a drink.  And it doesn't seem to matter if it's early evening outside on a 1/2 empty patio or inside at the bar on St. Patrick's Day.    The last time we were outside on the patio, which was about 3/4 full after work, happy hour-ish, and it took 20 minutes before a waitress even acknowledged us, another 5 before she came back to take our order (3 beers and 2 shots), and a good 15 or so before the drinks came out.  We contemplated getting the order in for the second round when she delivered the first one but thought "nah, how bad could it be?".  Well, the drinks were drained and we sat for another 10 minutes after that before she came back by to see if we wanted more, and then it was seriously 10 after that before they were delivered.  So, we had been there an hour and hadn't even had the opportunity to get two rounds of drinks consumed.  (And they were just not that busy and not that understaffed.  The entire indoors was empty and there were hosts/hostesses/waitstaff standing around chatting in the doorway.)  There are so many better options out there.
Just got back from this place and it was mediocre at best.  While we were greeted quickly and our drink orders were taken in a reasonable amount of time, it took almost 15 minutes to get our two draft beers.  We should have taken that as a sign and left then but decided to order.  Over 20 minutes later we finally had our burger and sandwich.  The kicker was they were not even busy on this Sunday night and no explanation was ever offered as to why things were taking so long.  To top it off, the food was simply OK.  We should have bypassed this place and gone down to the Triple 7 for some good food.
We love Hennessey's.  Been to several in SoCal.  I was really looking forward to lunch there.  Our beer order was taken within minutes.  A different waitress introduced herself and confirmed our order about five minutes after that but she had the order backwards.  A few minutes later our drinks were poured and set up at the waiters station to be delivered.  That's as far as the got.  We watched our beers get warm and flat for easily ten minutes and no one brought them to us.  I felt that we became invisible.  Our food order was never taken.  We saw another couple sit and leave because no one even talked to them.  The restaurant was not crowded and there were several employees there. Our drinks didn't come so we left.
Trust me, pass this place up! It may be good for night life since it looked a bit worn, but not for lunch.  I was visiting Vegas with my Mom and we found ourselves starving and having to tinkle after our long bus ride.  Hennessey's was the first place we hit so we used the bathroom and grabbed a table.  It took a while to get a server but she was friendly enough when she showed up.  We ordered drinks and we each ordered a burger.  She asked if we wanted to share a burger because they are so big.  We decided to share upon her recommendation. We didn't want to spoil our dinner plans for later.  No lie- It took over an hour for our med. burger.  I think the server forgot to put it in because she came up and apologized for the long wait 45mins or so in.  When our food came, the half/burger was not only tiny but way over cooked. It was dry!  We were emergency starving so we ate the nasty burger and asked for our check.  I would have sent it back but was afraid on how much longer it would take and we wanted to enjoy our Fremont Street experience.
I've been here a few times thanks to the relative convenience of just being a short walk away from work.  The food here is decent, the portobello burger is actually interesting, the mini burgers are not bad, and the regular burger doesn't have much flavor to it.    The issue here is of course the service.  It just takes way too long to receive your drinks, receive your appetizer, receive your entree, to receive your check and even to get your card back.  It would be understandable if it was during a busy night where the tables were full and the servers were running everywhere, the only problem is every time I've been here it's usually nearly empty and somehow the employees still seem to disappear.  The one thing it does have going for it however is its location right at the edge of the Freemont Street Experience.  So if you want to sit on the outside area and just relax and people watch, it can be enjoyable.  Avoid eating here though if you're any sort of time constraint though.  Although I'll admit, I kind of want to have that portobello burger again.
Stopped by for a beer, during happy hour.  Got the medium size.  $6.75.  Thank gawd I was there during happy hour.  Overpriced, won't be back.
It's a bit overpriced and loud.. I'm irish.. well half.. I think the thing that annoyed me the most here.. I came here thinking it was an irish pub. No irish music.. no irish bands.. no irish feel.. As a local why would I go to freemont street (besides to buy drugs and get a fix on street walkers) jk.. I'm straight edge. The food wasn't stand-out-ish.. Just meh. I won't come back. Customer service was good from the servers.. not to great from the bartenders.
Food was good...not great, but good.  However the service was horrible.  We were in a group of 7 on a Saturday night.  It literally took 35 minutes for our drink order to arrive.  The server brought our drinks, and didnt return for 20 minutes to take our food order.  That's right...nearly an hour and we had just ordered our food.  It arrived about 20 minutes later.  So, it took an hour and 15 minutes for us to get our food after we walked in.  Unacceptable.
Ok people this is my very first time to write any review. IT WAS THAT BAD!!! Sorry it's kind of long but you will understand.  We drove out to Vegas from So Cal for about 5 hours and after we checked in the hotel we were pretty hungry.  We looked into the restaurant and it didn't look too busy so we decided to go in.  Four of us sat down without any hostess to a large table inside the restaurant. The server came pretty quick and gave us the menus. When she returned we ordered some beers to start off. After we got our beers we ordered right away since by then we were really hungry.  We ordered; chicken wings, fried calamari, 2 hamburgers. Pretty standard stuff.  So we waited for our food. Looking forward to finally eat!  15-20 min went by, the server came and we ordered another beers.  Another 15-20 min went by, and now we were really confused by why our food wasn't coming out. Not even the appetizers.  As far as we can see we saw 2 other tables that sat down and ordered after us and they got their food. And some of them were almost done eating!!  So I went up to the server to ask what's going on (since she was trying to avoid us, pretty sure) and she said, "Sorry we are really busy tonight! Your food is coming out pretty soon!!" with a annoyed attitude. But the restaurant WAS NOT busy. Ya, there were people, but not busy for sure.   So finally 45-55 min after we ordered, the fried calamari came out. We looked at it with disbelief! It was SOOOOOOO DRY!! It was gross. You bite into it and you get nothing. They deep fried it too much that it shrunk. We always get calamari whenever we see it on the menu and this is the worst one that I ever got!! So we asked to take it back and take it off the tab.  Few min later the chicken wings came out. But same thing, too dry. And you know when you eat chicken wings you get the sauce all over your finger?? Ya, not this one, just really bad fried food. We didn't finish it.   BTW, even though they said it was "just made" it was hard cold, not hot/warm at all!!!!  Then after another 5-10 min later the hamburgers came out. It came out cold. And didn't even have fries, just some old chips.   I work at a restaurant and I know how long each food comes out. Nothing we ordered would take over 30 min. Specially fried food.   We should of gone to In-N-Out instead. :(:(:(:(  We got the manager to talk to and he gave us the same crap about how "busy" they were. They offered to take 10% off and nothing else to compensate on our worst night ever. Don't lie to your customer, if you forgot to put in the order or the chefs forgot to make the order or you forgot to pick it up to take it out to the customers, just tell them you messed up and do a better job than 10% off to make the customers happier.  We were really disappointed and hungry after all.
I was in the Downtown area and was having some drinks over at the old Fitzgerald's which is now "The D" and sitting next to me was a chef that worked at Hennessey's. I told him I was in the mood for a burger and he said that his restaurant has some good ones.  So we walked on over for some dinner. We ordered some onion rings that came with Spicy BBQ sauce. I don't know what level of spiciness they were talking about... but it just seemed like plain ol BBQ sauce to us. We would have liked to have a side of Ranch, but the waitress didn't arrive till after we finished them.  We put in our main order and it took about 15 minutes to get our food. I asked the waitress what her favorite burger was and she said "The Frisco burger" and my mom ordered " Hennessey's famous burger".  When the food came, my burger which was sourdough bread toasted with cheese, was kind of cold and hard. The actual met was hot... it seemed as if the bread was sitting there for awhile. My moms burger came and it was average. I ended up ordering a coke, when she brought it, it was flat. I asked if she could replace it, and she never came back. She ended up apologizing 20 minutes later when she brought the bill that she forgot.  All in all this place had decent customer service, and the food was subpar. Go elsewhere.
Service- BAD Food- WORSE my breakfast plate was sliding around in grease and the egg wasn't fully cooked.  Drinks- Most Horrible Mimosa I've ever had! Sent it back and settled for a coffee
Would NOT recommend!! Fries stale & replacement kettle chips cold & stale too (w no salt added). Took more than 5 minutes just to get our sodas. Bathroom stalls won't lock. Overall a slow, bad experience. Location is great for watching the crazies on Fremont Street, but this place wouldn't last long in "locals" territory.
Terrible service!!!! Waited over an hour for food.. Other customers were leaving cuz it took soooooooo long for anyone to come by for drink orders. Although the waitress was friendly, I don't think I'll be coming back here. Had the buffalo chicken wings & ribs. Food was just ok quality but price was not worth it.
Awful. No substitutions, even for food allergies, the fried batter of the fish and chips arrived almost black, and the Irish stew was so salty it was literally inedible. They must really love using salt here cuz even the chicken wings were uncomfortably salty.
This place was just ok. Deserted when we came in, and it took a while to get table service. Our server was pretty brusque, it seemed as if she was in a bad mood. My burger was cooked to a hockey puck consistency but I saw no use in sending it back. The server told us they were not allowed to sub a small side salad for the French fries, so keep that in mind when ordering.  "Meh" describes it perfectly - they are plenty of other better places to grab a burger.
I went here with a large group while out on Fremont street. Based on the previous yelp reviews I tried to steer away from this one but my group really wanted to eat here.  The service here was friendly but I think that's where the service ended. The food came out quite slow and my water glass was constantly empty. I think in a bar atmosphere like this it would be appropriate to leave a pitcher of water at the table (if service can't keep up).  I ordered the bacon blue burger which was not good at all. Probably one of the worst burgers I've ever had. It was overcooked and burned even though I ordered it medium well. It had white "sauce" cheese with bacon in it which was quite disgusting. I ate about half of it and then felt pretty terrible afterward.  The only thing saving this place is that the calamari was some of the better I've ever had. That's the only reason why it gets 2 stars instead of 1.  Unless you're here just for drinks I would advise to stay away.
Food wasn't very fresh and honestly I've had better fish n chips at cheaper places.
Just got back from Vegas and my experience at Hennessey's  Tavern was still on my mind.   I had eaten there 2 years ago and had a pretty decent meal so why not return right?  I also asked 4 friends who were visiting Vegas from NY to join me.  Good idea, right?  Not so much.   I arrived with my party of 3 and informed the wait staff  that another 4 people would be arriving shortly .  I told the "hostess" that I wanted to sit on the patio so I needed two tables set up with flatware to ensure that people arriving would not help themselves to our tables. They dismissively told me to just find two tables.  I waited, and waited and WAITED and no one came out to set up.  I got up again, went inside where servers were conglomerated  & happily chatting away. (There was ample staff considering that the place was nearly empty on a Monday night. )  A few minutes later, a female server with a brace on her hand put 7 sets of silverware on the table.  I asked her to bring out the menus so that we could browse them while we waited for the others to arrive.  We WAITED AND WAITED... no menus.  I asked a person in my party to go inside and ask for menus again.  My guest returned with the menus in hand and commented that the servers were just hanging out and chatting and could not understand why the menus had not been brought out.  I struggled with touching the menus  which were so sticky and dirty that I opened them by touching a teeny-tiny corner.  I immediately thought that if the menus were  this  dirty, I can only imagine what the kitchen looks like.  Couldn't those lingering servers wipe down the menus?  I've seen it done in restaurants all the time---but clearly not in this one!   After our party  of 4 arrived, we ordered our food and waited and waited and waited for our food to arrive. Each time we asked the server about the food, her answer was the same---It'll be right out!  .....Yeah, right.   Here are the highlights of our 7 orders:   Turkey burger & Fries, Bacon Burger & fries:  Fries so salty that they could not be eaten.  I tasted the fries and could not believe that this could be the work of a chef.  I dreaded the possibility that these fries had been salted by a prior customer and that they were recycled fries.  Ugh!!!   Everyone who had a burger said it was just OK, but definitely would not come back for one.  Fish & Chips:  A little steep at $15 but it included 3 filets of cod.  Fries were not cooked well done as I explicitly requested.  I mentioned it  to  the waitress and was told that she would have new fries for me -- this promise was accompanied by a doe-eyed apology.  This french fry saga would continue throughout the evening.   One of my guests asked for a beer before ordering dinner but she had almost finished her meal and still no beer.  Of course, the waitress apologized once again.  Apologies seemed to be the theme of the evening.    25 minutes later my well done fries had not arrived.  When I told my server I still didn't have my fries , she seems surprised & shocked by it.--"You didn't get your fries??"   So who else, pray tell, should have known if my fries had been brought out to my table???  So then she asks me if I want the re done fries to which I answered, Yes! Yes! I want fries with my fish filets!!   I don't get it.  I ordered fish & CHIIPS. CHIPS meaning french fries. So she says "OK, I'll be back in 5 minutes"  20 minutes later my party is ready to pay their bill and she shows up with my tab and NO FRIES.  She opted for giving us a discount on our tab rather than giving me the fries which I had been waiting all evening long.   And then, unbeknownst to me, the evening's entertainment was about to begin.  Wow,  a bonus.  Free entertainment.           Two drunks came flying out of the bar and land on the deck where we were seated.  Yelling, pummeling, more yelling, more pummeling.  Wait, wait, do I see my server who weighs about 80 pounds with a brace on her hand joining in on the pummeling?  How brave... how stupid!   She yelled at one of the drunks accusing him that he had thrown a drink at her.  So let me see, you over-serve drinks to your patrons  to make money and you are surprised by the results??  My guests were scrambling  to get out before the drunks included them in their MMA bout.  I for one was practically cowering in a corner like a scared rabbit.   So, nice going Hennessey's Tavern.  You managed to screw up what started as a perfectly good evening in Vegas.  The sad part is for the owner who will probably be out of business before you know it because the totally incompetent, lackadaisical servers and a kitchen gone wrong.
Uh...you lost me at $9.50 a pint.  The beers on tap are UN-exceptional as well.
We had lunch at Hennessy's before going to the Life is Beautiful Festival this weekend.  Unfortunately the only thing beautiful at Hennessy's was the weather on the patio.  The service was horrible from the start - slow, unprofessional, and unfriendly.  The food quality was below average when it arrived hot - and there was only a 50% chance of that happening (2 of 4 dishes were cold).  The flatbread came out cold the first time and then with a brunt crust but unmelted cheese the second time.  The calimari was cold and looked pitiful so it didn't mater that the portion size was small.  The basic burger was average and did come out hot.  The truffle Parmesan cheese fries were the highlight.  The prices are on the high side for downtown especially given the food and service issues.
I want to give this place a better rating, I really do - but it seems like they just don't want one.  This Irish-themed pub seems packed full of potential, but seems to fall short on speed and service.  My fiance and I went here this past Tuesday for their 2-4-1 Burger special after he got off work.  Good deal?  For Downtown, I guess it is - the burgers start at $10.40 but average $11.35.  Honestly, I cannot imagine paying this for EACH burger any other night.  The service was extraordinarily slow, and from talking with a friend we didn't experience something out of the norm.  I guess if you don't mind waiting for your food for half an hour or so, then this might be the place for you.  As far as the burger goes, I would honestly prefer Red Robin or even Chili's.  They are definitely not special, and not of any abnormally large size.  The side of fries that it comes with is pretty meager, and they are probably a bit tastier than the actual burger.  My pickle that came with it was sweetish.  That's just awkward.  Even after finishing our meal, it took a long time to get boxes and the check, then even MORE time for our waitress to take said check.  There's a lot of other places Downtown - don't be afraid to pass this place or use it as a back-up choice.
I would give this more than 2 stars but after eating what was advertised as being voted the best burger in vegas.....2 stars is about all I can give. the 13.50 buck mustang burger was listed on the menu as fine aged beef. ...well it was a pre patted frozen patty that had a funky taste to it and fake grill marks. The bun, bbq sauce and bacon was good but the burger it self was pretty horrible. Good service...great looking classic bar feel.
This week I'm going to skip covering some of the newly-opened restaurants in town to deal with another place that boldly advertises its burger as "voted best burger in Las Vegas" on a colorful banner right on the corner of Fremont St and Las Vegas Blvd. I'm definitely not aware of everything going on in town burger-wise, but by being the self-titled 'burger guy' for Vegas I'm fairly aware of most contests that would elect such a title. So when my coworker pointed out one day that Hennessey's had such a banner on their patio, I just had to look into this. I've had a couple folks suggest their burgers over the years, but it just hasn't been a priority with so many more popular and generally accepted places to try. But being a glutton for punishment and fulfilling my self-induced duties, I headed over to see if they could offer a contender for the best burger in town.  For those unfamiliar with the Fremont St area, Hennessey's is your typical generic 'Irish' pub with cheap drinks, cheap food, and the average sub-Strip tourist crowd. The interior is dark, dirty, smoky, and undoubtedly loud on weekends when they're packed and a band is playing. During the day you will have a mix of locals on their lunch breaks along with some tourists, during the evenings you can expect a slightly louder, less refined crowd. There is also a patio for you to dine on while you take in all the lovely sights and characters walking by. Their extensive menu features just about any type of food you can mention, and I won't even bother listing it all here.  As for their burger offerings, they do have quite a selection on their menu, and maybe even more than most dedicated burger joints in town. With 15 pre-designed burgers and even more options, this is certainly a substantial group, yet I still went with a simple favorite of mine: the mushroom burger. The bun was ok; fresh, not too dry and well-proportioned to the patty. The patty had slight char flavor, but it was super generic and overcooked with no seasoning or good beefy flavor. The mushrooms were just ok too, and didn't have much flavor. The cheese was there but I didn't taste it. This was definitely not the best in Vegas, and not even the best on Fremont Street.  The fries were oily and generic, although most of them were cooked well. While I usually eat almost all of my fries with a burger meal, these weren't quite good enough for me to do so this time. They do offer a decent deal on Tuesdays with two-for-one burgers, but I'm still not sure this is really worth it. Our two burgers came to $13.30 which I guess isn't a bad deal when there are definitely more expensive and worse burgers around the area, but I'd really like to know who exactly voted in this contest.
I'm a local and it took 30-45 minutes for  a hamburger to get served. Nobody checked on our drinks in the meantime either. Skip it!
It was nice to sit outside at night in Fremont, but that was the only good element. The service was insanely slow. It took hours just to get dinner and get out and there was no wait and barely anyone there. The specials online were out of date, and the "specials" the server listed weren't even on sale when we got our receipt!  Beware of the beers. Prices are not listed on the menu but they are about $9 a piece for watered down Guinness which was frustrating.  The food was okay, but not worth the price.  I would highly recommend going elsewhere.
We saw they averaged very low on yelp but George's Grill was only open for dinner on weekends... Boooo.... The other surrounding places averaged just about the same so we took our chances.  Sure enough, service was nonexistent. Our waitress disappeared and never checked back after taking our orders. Actually, she did, at the END of our meal. We gave 3 different people our coffee order which finally came real late. No one refilled anything at our table.   Atmosphere is seemingly nice, private outside patio on higher grounds. Still, fucking shit. Luckily the food was good. Phewww.
Long wait for horrible food and surly-incompetent employees make this place a no go.
Bottom line: Dirty  Our table was filthy.  I couldn't put my napkin down on the table because there was a layer of dirt on it.  Seriously, how hard is it to wipe down a table?  We ordered and appetizer and a couple of drinks.  Our food, Irish version of potato skins, was average but too expensive for the small portion.  Then we found one of the waitresses hairs in our drink.  When we pointed it out her response was, "Oh seriously? Haha." And she still charged us for the drink.  I would rather go grab a cheap pizza or hot dog on Fremont street rather than ever coming here again.
Ok people.  Why would you have bands there that do not play Irish Music? First time we went was on a Sunday evening.  Fun Irish band.  Service sucked. So many servers only a few customers and I had to get my drinks at the bar after waiting 29 minutes of being looked at and ignored.    Ok so we try again this past Saturday evening at 11pm. Live band playing random music and we asked for something Irish.  Lead singer said don't let the red beard full you.  They don't know any Irish music.  WTF? People come to Irish Pubs for Irish food, drinks and music.  This isn't rocket science people.   Well we started out at Nine Fine Irishman in New York New York.  A country band really?  Left to try McMullins on Trop.  Dive bar with no live music on a Saturday evening so we braved up and headed here.    What a disappointment.  Fiance had a horrible birthday evening out.  I had to apologize and maybe Ri Ra at Mandalay could save me from the dog house.
Ordered the Margherita flat bread...cold cheese semi stale bread...not good. Fries were soggy. ..nothing special..onion rings were typical frozen to deep fryer...again not very good. Would not come back.  Our waitress was wonderful though.
5:38 pm on a Tuesday nite and the bar manager lets the Guinness keg run dry then takes 20 minutes 2 change it.  Really? In an Irish bar?  LAME!
If it weren't for the food, I would give Hennessey's 1 star. Not worth it.  My visiting friend and I were looking to eat somewhere downtown where we could enjoy the weather and sit outside. They have open seating, if you can call it that, so we ordered a drink at the bar (8$ for a miller light..what??) and waited for a table to open up outside. As a couple nearby was on their way out, we asked the waitress if it were okay for us to go ahead and take the table. She cleared off the table and didn't give us an answer for a significant amount of time until she replied "well are you going to be eating?" I understand serving people who order food will generally give you a greater tip, but regardless if we were planning on eating or not, that question probably isn't the best way to increase those dollars.  While waiting for our food to come we saw another strange interaction occur with the open seating. We noticed a group of five or six looking for an outdoor seat, exchange words with the waitress, and head to the bar to pick up drinks. In the mean time, the group at the table next to us had paid and left the restaurant, and two young women saw the open table and sat down. They sat for a few minutes before the waitress came over and told them she promised the table to a group that had been waiting over thirty minutes (false, ten max). The girls obliged, and the group claimed the table. I don't think open seating is the best option for this place. Holy confusion. Besides the odd seating issues, our table was not clean, nor stable. This restaurant needs a serious face lift!  As for the food, we split the crispy calamari and mesquite turkey sandwich. The calamari was cooked well, not chewy, and nice and crisp! It was a hefty portion and  served with three different sauces. The sandwich was awesome! It was served on a warm  pretzel bun with a mass amount of turkey, tomato, lettuce, swiss cheese, and dijon aioli. Yum!   Again, with refinement of the service and logistics it would have the potential to be a much better establishment!
Terrible service, awful food. The hostess told us to find a table "wherever" so we did, and after waiting 20 minutes a waitress finally stopped by to hand us a menu and inform us that our "real waitress" would be there shortly. Another 10 minutes and she appeared. Drinks came fast but they never wiped our table from the previous diners like they said they would, and when my food (a patty melt - medium) came, it was burned to a crisp. I couldn't even complain about it because it was dropped off too quickly and the waitress never reappeared until we flagged her down to get our check. I have been to other Hennessy's in San Diego with a complete opposite experience. This was a real bummer.
Decent food, AWFUL service. I sat at a table a full 20 minutes and still never had a server come up. Servers were standing around and looking but didn't want to help because it was not there table. Never again.
We went here on St. Patrick's Day as part of a pub crawl. What a waste of time. The place was so crowded. It took forever to get drinks. It's an Irish bar so you think on St. Pat's Day they would've had a band playing Irish music. Nope! The band was good but not appropriate for St. Pat's Day entertainment. Very disappointing. They didn't even have corn-beef & cabbage on the menu. What Irish bar doesn't serve corn beef & cabbage on St. Pat's day? Absolutely ridiculous! I'll never go back to that place and the only thing Irish about that bar is its name!
I've been 4 times. The first 2 the food was ok, the soda bread dry and tasteless and the service was no where to be found.   The music has been decent the decor is what you want in a nice local pub but the last two visits made me realize this is only a place where you can go if you are white and know people behind the bar. I love Guiness and it's depressing to go to a bar and not get asked what you want to drink for nearly 20 minutes. I've many friends of varying ethinic  backgrounds express this same sentiment. Additionally, one trip resulted in us leaving because apparently we sat at a table that was reserved for "regular folks". Who knew that first come first seated and served doesn't apply - they should put up a sign.
I have long believed that the best way to judge is business is not by what type of clientale they hope for, but the type of customers they actually get.  For Fibber Macgees, things are not well.  First thing I notice us that when I sit down is the bartender fails to notice me because he's busy talking to coeds 10 years his junior in what sounded to be heated debate. He finally makes his way to me and apologizes, saying he "likes to give girls shit about football."  Across the bar from me I notice a coupe on a a bad date. She is constantly touching her finger talking about what her wedding ring looked like before the divorce, he was staring at her chest.  Finally, the large woman who brought a twilight book to read In the corner alone while eating shepards pie.  This is the place where sadness goes to die.   I give them one star because of their pretty diverse guinness mixed drink menu. But that is all.
5/12/10  Came in to try some happy hour eats (Fibber Magee's offers 50% off all apps and flatbreads between 4p and 7p).  To begin my dining experience, I found the darkness in the pub to be overwhelming (a word I'd rather use in this context is "oppressing," but I'm trying to lighten up!).  I wouldn't have minded so much (as I could've sat closer to the door left ajar, which allowed light to come in), but then the music blaring out of the speakers overhead was just too much!  To compound the situation, the song selections were either U2 (which I liked) or jarring Irish punk rock (which I don't), most of which were of the latter.  :(  Perhaps I should've walked away after making these observations, but I've had FM bookmarked for at least six years now, and I wanted to get it over with.  After many inquiries about food preparation, the bread used (which company?  specific ingredients used?), etc., I decided I'd go w/ the crabcakes and the braised rib sliders.  The crabcakes (topped w/ roasted red peppers and garnished w/ wasabi and mustard mayo, the latter I opted out) also came w/ a side mixed greens salad and a citrus vinaigrette. While this dish wasn't the best-looking of all the dishes I had that afternoon- don't let the pic of the bread pudding fool you, it was the best-tasting, but this isn't saying much.  I didn't care for the watered-down flavor of the citrus vinaigrette, and frankly, the crabcakes had enough flavor, so the lack of dressing wasn't a big deal.  I don't know if I'd order them again, though...  What was a big let-down was the braised shortrib sliders' dish.  Now these sliders looked fantastic, but the shortrib pieces were so sinewy and/or fatty, that, as much as I tried, I couldn't chew through any!  I really wanted to like these, bec. of those gorgeous-looking fried onion strings that sat on top of each slider.  Thankfully, my server offered to swap them for something else, and it was w/ a little sadness that I said goodbye to those onion strings :'(  Lately, mussels haven't appealed to me, so my server's suggestion to try FM's wasn't giving me much hope.   Surprisingly, these mussels tasted OK, and the price is right (for happy hour), and if I weren't already not disappointed in the darkness of the pub; the loudness of the music's volume; and the sub-par quality of the shortribs, I may have enjoyed them more.  With the hope of finding something good to write about, I ordered the bread pudding.  (At this point, I should've just given up.)  The bread pudding dish, which you'd think, looking at the pics I took, would taste good,  was a disaster!  It was dark in the pub, yes, but the dish looked like they just placed slices of bread down, showered them w/ dried cranberries, and poured some white chocolate sauce.  Something was amiss- was it even baked?  How was it prepared?  There wasn't enough cream sauce to cover most of the bread.  I was told that the bread was indeed soaked in the cream, and then baked, but this bread pudding had to be the worst I've ever tried.  The pics looked great, but don't be fooled...    The server was friendly, and most of the stars reflect her attempts to appease me, but I didn't enjoy my experience there, and would never recommend this place to anyone.
I was disappointed with the fish & chips last night. We've had it many times before and it's always been a go-to menu item for me. But last night the piece of fish was half it's usual size and they must have changed their fries. They were small schnibbles of fries & were on the greasy size. I'll go back but I'll try a different menu next time.
Met a couple here so we could experience the Friday fish fry. We both found it thru Yelp - neither of us had been here prior.   The fish was all you can eat but it was so greasy and heavy on the batter that we couldn't really take advantage of that. The chips were sparse, as was the coleslaw. Plenty of fish to go around.   Enjoyed a few Harp's and of course Guinness is on the menu. Waitress was really lacking in service - asked for waters several times, had to chase her down for beers, offered us more fish before we even started on the first.  We stuck around to hear the band. They were a kick and could actually sing some non-Irish songs! Had some fun and got some good people watching time in (this was just prior to St Paddy's day).  Place is dark and run down inside. Looks like some folks use this as their starter bar. I can't fathom going there again myself - bar, food or otherwise.
We have been coming to Fibbers for over 8 years.  Have always enjoyed the atmospher, staff, and fair prices.  They have good food for a bar.   Lately the staff they have brought in is less than spectacular.  They are slow, unfriendly, and need to learn a little bit about customer service.  We sat at the bar last night and waited over 10 minutes just to have them take our drink order.  We had to flag down the bartender PJ several times to get food orders and our second round of drinks.  I found him to be rude and condescending when we dealt with us.  Also noticed several other customers had to flag him down to order more drinks. Not what I consider good customer service.  There were a few people in the place but it was not what I would consider busy.   Food took well over 30 minutes to arrive.  We just ordered flat bread and a salad.  In the past this would have been there in under 15.  The flat bread was cold and a portion of it was missing.  It must have stuck to the pan when they were making it.  In the past the place always felt like the comfortable bar to stop by after work, now it felt cold.   Like I said, we have been coming here for years but if the service is like this the next time we stop by, we might need to look at other options.
I was introduced to this pub last night (Thursday) when I went there to see a friend of mine play and wasn't impressed.  the pub's atmosphere seemed very uncomfortable for me; didn't get a great vibe from it. Overall, the pub looks very nice with all the wood floors and a very warm, traditional style of an Irish pub. I will say that the bartender was very nice and friendly; however, didn't really know who the waiters/waitresses were so didn't know how to ask for drinks or food when I did eventually sit down. I will also say that if any of my girlfriends go to this pub, I will definitely recommend that they go with friends or at least one other person (guy or girl). I was hit on barely 10 minutes after entering the pub and the guy would not leave me alone nor take no for an answer. my friend playing eventually had to stop in the middle of his song/set to tell the guy to leave me alone. The guy was eventually removed from the premise and I was able to enjoy the rest of the night. Overall, my experience at this pub was not the greatest and will probably not be going back anytime soon.
I live a mile from here and trust me when I say I've been here a lot. It used to be our go to place for a quick dinner when we didn't want to cook. It also used to be the place we'd go for group get togethers in the back room. The bartenders and servers were always awesome and friendly, even remembering our names and favorite beverages. The food was pretty good, too.   Now let's jump ahead to now. Over the last year new management has taken over. This was an Irish Pub and pretty authentic feeling, but the new owner has a family member who plays for the Seahawks (American) football team so it's quickly becoming an NFL sports bar.   Happy Hour used to be from 4-7 which is great for those who work 8-4 and 9-5. Now they changed it to 3-6, which means by the time we start thinking of going out for appetizers and drinks, everything is full price again. Used to have great half price appetizers, but you can forget that now!  My friend wanted a burger the other day and brought the 8year old with her. Was going to give the kid some of her burger, but the server said it was $2 to split a meal now. She's a little girl and barely eats anything, but the server was practically scared that her manager would find out. She said if her manager came out and discovered it, then he'd charge the lady for two meals. That's ridiculous!  As I said, we used to come here all the time but this last year the changes have been terrible. I will be going elsewhere in the future.
Unfortunately this review is going to be the first of many where I have discovered that listening to "Yelpers" is sometimes not the best way to find a restaurant in a strange city. I don't know if people on Yelp have lost their discerning palates or if I have become just really picky, but this restaurant / bar is a perfect example of so much going wrong. First, I didn't realize that this was a chain. The same one exists in Deerfield Commons in Mason, Ohio. Where did I go wrong? I read a review of fish and chips and I ordered them. OMG! The fish was so slimy, the batter just slid right off. That didn't help the situation, as the fish was not truly white, more of a grey colored substitute. The chips were not crispy, just fried in a lot of oil. I am sure there are other places in Madison to go for a beer and something to eat. I would advise finding them. This is not a destination one shoul choose.
How anybody has ever given this place a 5 is beyond me!  Dirty silverware, HORRIBLE drinks (my "Irish coffee"  tasted of water and ... perhaps a hint of old coffee, not to mention cold) and inedible food.  Can't really say much for the service, my waiter was obviously new and one can't blame him for that.
This seems to be the trend at Claddagh. I  enjoyed  this Pub in the past, but service and quality has gone downhill. This is from my 29 y/o daughter:  Claddagh kind of sucks and here's why... (in order of appearance) 1. Refused to serve me even though I had ID... a lot of kids use fake IDs when out to lunch with their mother, right? 2. Served me rotten salad greens 3. Manager came over to argue rottenness of salad greens... um, no honey. I eat lots of salad. They don't "always look like that" unless they've gone bad. Booooooooooo. Boo!
This place is horrible. The manager, "Emily", is one of the rudest people I have ever come across. I specifically will not be returning because of her.
I've been here once before, and though I remember it being overpriced, it was pretty good with okay service - a typical chain/usually near a mall restaurant. Today, however, was pretty awful.  A group of six of us found ourselves at Claddagh for a trivia championship game. Service was TERRIBLE. Our waitress would take one or two people's orders at the table, then just walk away. She forgot several drinks, and seemed skeptical when one of the people at our table said he never got his. She also made no effort to go above and beyond. My friend ordered hummus & pita, but she failed to mention that if he ordered a margarita, he'd get the hummus free. Not a big deal, but the marg is a bigger sale, so it's more beneficial for her to do so.   The consensus on their burgers seemed to be "meh," and the hummus and pita was gross. They fry their pita triangles, and they were soaked in grease and left the taste of stale fried nastiness in your mouth. I made it through half a pita chip before I wanted to vom.   Also, as mentioned, they're on the pricey side. With all the restaurants in Madison, you can get much more for you money elsewhere.
The fish and chips taste pretty good.  But the service is the pits and I don't think they turn on the heat in there. It's always freezing. Save your money and skip this place.
They no longer have the Monahan Meatloaf. The new version is good, but not the same. The clam chowder recipe is also diferent, and not as good. The shepards pie is awful. It is just potatoes and a lot of ground beef. It has little flavor. I like a shepards pie with some root veggies showing, and some taste. If you just like a lot of ground beef and mashed potatoes, this is the dish for you. I would never order it again. I think the place has gone down hill. Too bad they had to ruin their menu. It is also over priced.
We went to the bar for a drink and appetizer.  Service was good enough and the food was acceptable, but the waitress admitted that the bartender was screwing up drinks because he was more concerned about the NBA game then working.  I think this place has potential if you weeded the dead weight.
ugh.   i joined some friends here for a trivia contest on a saturday. it's an "irish" pub. i hate "irish" pubs... they always attract the worst kind of people, and they're always decorated like some sort of adult, alcoholic epcot center with bad faux painting to make everything look old. claddagh definitely fits that description.  the place was packed, but even so, the service we received was DISMAL. bad, bad, bad. it took 30 minutes for our waitress to bring my beer. when i flagged her down to ask for a menu, it then took another 30 minutes for her to take our order. and then another hour for our food to arrive. there is no excuse for this kind of sub-par service.   my clam chowder was bland. the burger i got, the jameson-something-or-other, was completely slathered in jameson sauce (whatever the hell that is) and some sort of gooey cheese that resembled the nacho cheese you get at a movie theater. too. much. sauce. the burger itself had a weird meat loaf consistency. on top of being not great food, it was pricy.  i will never come back here.
A few years ago, I loved Claddagh's. But about two years ago, things seemed to turn. The service turned extremely slow -- this is based on multiple visits (and neighbors saying the same thing). The last time I was there, my family and I were waiting at our table for minutes while servers were congregated around the bar talking to each other. The manager didn't seem to care. When service finally arrived during past visits, they didn't seem to know the menu that well and were not attentive during the visit.  As for the food -- not very good. Some of the meals seem like frozen entres reheated - dry and flavorless. The meat (I had both prime rib and lamb) might be OK if you were at a low cost bbq picnic.  My wife found dirty plates and had to wait forever to get a cup of coffee at the morning brunch.  I think others must concur as the place seemed pretty empty during the times I was there.  Like I said -- really good a few years ago, not very good now, and definitely not worth the price. If you're looking for an Irish pub atmosphere, go to Brocach's -- the service and food are both very good  (note: I'm just a customer and don't have any ties to Brocach's).
Your standard Irish Pub, this place will not disappoint.  It's got the ambiance and atmosphere of a good Old Irish Pub.  A decent bar menu and beer selection add to this place.    The location is a bit out of the way and the service can be wanting.  If you want a better Irish pub, hit the capital and head to the Brocach.
The Wife and I went to Claddagh with friends on a Saturday night in mid-December 2012, and were sorely disappointed with the experience. We did not have any food, so this review is based solely on our experience while having a few drinks at the place.  Once we were seated, the server came over to take our drink orders. Curious, I asked how the hot apple cider ("spiced rum & hot apple cider served with a cinnamon stick") was, and our server told me that she didn't know because she doesn't drink and doesn't know anything about alcohol. OK, fine, it's totally fair to not drink (I didn't for a long time), but shouldn't the answer automatically be, "It's great," when a customer asks how something you sell tastes?  Anyway, we proceeded to place our order, and she brought them out. Everything was fine, although The Wife's Claddagh Coffee Martini (vanilla vodka, baileys irish cream, kahlua, tia maria & coffee; garnished with coffee beans) was very sweet and, seriously, not very strong. We had our first round, and then it was time for round #2.  The server came back over to again take our order, and we had some questions. I asked, "Your menu says 'We like to mix things up[, so] ask your server for more draft & bottle selections & our rotating & seasonal taps! Ask your server for additional choices due to limited supply.' So, what additional beers do you have on draft?"  She replied with "I, um, I don't know. I don't drink, so I don't know. I think it's, like, the usual ... Coors, Miller ..." That annoyed me - the menu says to ask my server about additional drafts not listed on the menu, and my server doesn't know the answer to that really simple question.  Our friend then asked, "OK, well, what seasonal brews do you have." She gave the same answer, "I'm sorry, I don't know because I don't drink." At this point, I just gave up, and it has nothing to do with the fact that she doesn't drink. If you work as a server at a restaurant or bar, your job is to know the menu and the answers to customers' questions. If that means you need to know all the ingredients in a sandwich, you memorize 'em. If it means that, even as a nondrinker, you have to memorize the drinks menu, ESPECIALLY when you work at an Irish bar/restaurant that makes a majority of its money from alcohol sales. I mean, COME ON.  So, she lost out on what certainly would have been a higher-margin sale (I was interested in the Warsteiner seasonal, which is undoubtedly more expensive than the local New Belgium Fat Tire), and also indicated to me that the staff at Claddagh aren't well-trained.  Finally, for the 2nd round, The Wife ordered another Claddagh Coffee Martini, but directly asked the waitress to "Please make it stronger than the last one." When the martini came out, it was all wrong. First, it was brought out in a snifter (according to the waitress, they had run out of martini glasses. What bar runs out of martini glasses?!). Second, there was a head on the martini (yes, that's right, the martini was frothy). Third, this one was as weak, if not weaker, than the first martini. But hey, at least it was only $7.50 per martini ... If you're interested, I posted a picture of the frothy martini in a snifter in Claddagh's photos (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yIWXPPGbePgPup6gz6ttNA?select=nHT8ay6gENgMwnPrIT-dtA#YVXoiIB4ZeKsexBWtGQLwA).  Needless to say, I won't ever suggest going to Claddagh, and will try to convince friends to go elsewhere if they invite me there.
I am visiting Wisconsin and this restaurant is close to the hotel. I love a good Irish pub so walked over. I got the corned beef and cabbage. (pictured). Thin slices of corned beef and chopped cabbage and under done potatoes. Very disappointing. I ordered desert. Also disappointing. Not terrible but so much less than it could have been. Even the service was mediocre. Probably a great place for beer.
They had what sounded like a good special for Valentine Day turned out to be a joke.  Food was of poor quality, and way over priced.  Food in the past was good here.  The place was always busy.  Recent visits not so.  Disappointing.  Cool place for at least drinks, now I dont even consider it as an option.
Worst service of my life. The time between visits from our server was a minimum of 20 minutes every time.
I  recently visited Claddagh Irish Pub in Middleton's Greenway Station for a happy hour-munchies thing after work with a pal. We had beer, shared an order of the corned beef and cabbage rolls, and split a "Paddy Mac" sandwich, which is essentially a Reuben. The food was quite good. I especially enjoyed the corned beef and cabbage rolls, which when I went, were similar to a fried wonton that had the fixings of St. Patrick's Day dinner inside. Sort of like an Irish egg roll. Yum. The Reuben was average, but the fries were pretty tasty as well. Service was unremarkable in either a good or a bad way. All said and done, I would usually rank that sort of experience as four stars. Normally, I would definitely return to a restaurant that showed me a good time and had good food.   Why then, you ask, is this a one star review? Let me explain.  I take major (MAJOR) issue with Claddagh's use of the words "gluten friendly" to describe certain menu items. (Menu items that are often served with bread.)  I presume this was done in an effort to appeal to the now-popular dietary trend of avoiding gluten. The problem with this, Claddagh, is that "gluten friendly" is not a thing. If someone can't eat gluten, then they can't eat gluten. Period. Full stop.   Claddagh's use of the term "gluten friendly"  to describe foods that still contain gluten, would be like if JIF Peanut Butter made a new type of peanut butter that was 50% peanuts and 50% almonds...and then tried to market the new product as "Peanut Allergy Friendly". Does that make sense?   Although I personally find  vague claims of "gluten intolerance" dubious, especially when the person has never had a problem eating gluten before, there are definitely people with a **medical diagnosis** of Celiac's disease who absolutely, under no circumstances, can consume gluten. I feel that Claddagh's attempt at marketing its menu to appeal to the "gluten-free" dietary trend could harm people who actually need to avoid gluten for important medical reasons. Even if it's not a life or death situation, people who wish to avoid gluten should be allowed to do so without having to jump through hoops and worry about being tricked by menus.   It's majorly unethical to twist words to imply that a thing is something that it's not. This is especially true when the item in question (food) has the potential to directly impact a person's health.   Claddagh: fix your menu. If you want to offer gluten-free options, then please do so. However, referring to a spinach-artichoke dip appetizer served with crostini or to a hamburger served on a wheat bun , or even to your fish fry, which is battered in flour as "gluten friendly", is unethical. People have a right to know what's in their food, and this feels like a deliberate attempt to mislead people in the name of making more money.
Food was so so- I got their Jameson burger. It was a strange texture And I don't even know why they ask how you want the burgers cooked I got mine medium rate and it looked the same as everyone else's. Cool ambiance great draft selection, live music- all good things, but what really really turned me off was the service and the fact that you are not served on a plate. You get your food in a bucket and on a paddle. Maybe for some folks that's ok, not my style it was totally awkward to eat off of.
I can't resist Fish and Chips when I go to an Irish restaurant. So this is what I measure good Irish food with. Very forgettable Fish and Chips at O'Donoghue's. It's a damn shame, really. It would have been nice to have more competitive Irish restaurants in my area. Rula Bula is still #1 in my books.
Good food and a typical interpretation of Irish. You have to remember that it's a pub setting. Good choice of beers and the service was good. I would have to agree with others opinions of the food. A Little inconsistent. My Ruben was more like a sandwich. My advice, grill the sandwich. The bread will work better for that and most people automatically assume you're going to prepare it that way. The potato chips are home made and although I really like them at 1st bite, a deeper dig into the pike discovered a lot of uncooked potato and I can't stand that AT ALL. My guess is that the PUB is not really concerned about food quality as much as packing in the Friday and Saturday night party crowd where they make a TON of income on the booze sales. I would have given it a 3, but the Yelp description of A OK just doesn't work for me. My grade would be "Just Another Restaurant Trying to Be A Pub"...
I wish it were possible for everyone to experience the hell that is most American themed restaurants in the UK to get an idea of the hell that is   most Irish bar experiences here.    We were in the area,  far away from the usual cider tap and couldn't wait the extra 15 minutes to get to somewhere we like. (silly) I started with a  potato and leek soup with a pretty uneven consistency when blended,a touch above bland but it's my fault I should have checked to see if it was cream based/ blended over containing visible leeks / potatoes in a veg stock as usually the leek flavor tends to get lost but it was edible and set  expectations for the entre. Out of a very limited number of dishes that you could shoe-horn into being a friend of a friend  of Irish food I chose  Irish Stew with Guinness.  It  was pretty generous but for stewed meat it wasn't that tender and hard to discern the presence of the featured ingredient.  Only one cider available, Magners , look at sign, look at  decor which for a moment had confused me into thinking it was an Irish pub. - *    Service was good,2.5 rounded down  to 1 because it's pricey for the what you get and not that well executed at that.   Maybe Yelp should have aggregate marks for bar/ restaurants and then a combined total  because it's  possible to be a good one of the former while lagging in the latter.
Garbage selection of beers, almost entirely macro-swill.  Can't help but wonder if they're considering the omission of Guinness to add one more Bud/Miller/Coors product.  This place just doesn't seem like any of the more authentic Irish themed places other than the atmosphere perhaps.  They also don't bother with the relatively STANDARD Guinness imperial pint glasses either.  Lame.
Ooh don't come here for the fish and chips unless you like a vat a grease with them. I could practically squeeze it out of the limp fries and the fish was soaked as well. My mouth was coated in the rancid taste. Our waitress could barely expend any effort or enthusiasm. Needless to say, this is on our do not return list.
Menu and management have changed so many times, it's hard to keep up. Food has been awful, good, and back to disgusting currently. Not sure why the new manager changed the menu and mage it worse! They get great bands but a lousy set up for live music, so caustics is always off and it's impossible to hear anyone talk unless you scream. Staff is okay. It has not been the same since Amy left. They crown can be seedy.
** Update 4/12/08**  The reason I moved my star rating down to 2 is because the food is ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE!!! And I left it at a 2 rating because the bar is actually nice for cocktails ONLY!  I took my friends there for some beers and food and thought it would be fun because they are in town from England....Since when are fish and chips that are supposed to be "beer battered" cooked with Italian bread crumbs?????  The chips where regular french fries!, not wedges.  The macaroni and cheese was also terrible!  The patio is dog friendly, so if I go back, I absolutely will never order food there!    Attention folks that live in  McDowell Mountain Ranch and DC Ranch...  We finally have a sports pub!!! Temple Bar Sports Grill opened on Friday January 18.  I only had a chance to grab a quick cocktail...but the Temple Bar Sports Grill looks like and has the feel of my new favorite neighborhood pub!  Huge Patio with a soon to be installed fire pit....  Here is what they had to say about themselves, and I must agree! (I have not tried the food yet):  "What do you want to do tonight?" That question has finally been answered with the opening of Temple Bar Sports Grill - the newest neighborhood sports lounge in North Scottsdale that has an upscale atmosphere with a laid-back attitude.  We have delicious food, friendly staff, a full bar with 12 beers on tap, 23 HDTV's, and late-night music and dancing on weekends - all with a little Irish flair.  Whether the question is "Where do you want to eat for lunch?", "What's for dinner?", "Where should we meet for drinks?", or "Where should we watch the game?" - Temple Bar is the answer. Come hang out with us for lunch, dinner, or happy hour, meet friends and make new ones, or watch the big game on one of our TVs.
Argh! I thought I would be the first to review this place!  While sitting at the bar for lunch on Saturday, I actually looked at my husband and said "I wish Yelp had half stars." Since he is not a Yelper himself, he was thoroughly confused by this comment. I explained to him that I really wanted to give Temple Bar 2.5 stars. The reason? This place is the definition of average. If you could create the word "average" in restaurant form, it would be Temple Bar & Sports Grill.  We ordered chips and salsa (lame, I know, but there really wasn't anything better)...and they never came! It wasn't a big deal since the mediocre food came pretty quickly (I mean, there were only 3 tables with people on a Saturday, so I would hope the food comes quickly), but how do you forget chips and salsa?  My husband had a mediocre burger, and I had a mediocre chicken sandwich. The food is edible but not good. I wouldn't mind coming back for drinks, but I would never depend on getting my next meal at Temple Bar. It also smelled like stale beer where we were sitting.  I can't imagine that this place will make it. The real estate has got to be pretty expensive on the corner of Bell and Thompson Peak Parkway, and the place was virtually empty (should have been a sign). The food is not good, and clearly the service isn't either since they can't remember to bring chips and salsa. The chips and salsa did manage to make their way onto our bill, which we quickly pointed out (and was resolved), but you can't have small mistakes like that when there are 8 people total in your restaurant!  I wish I had more positive things to say about this place....their patio is great, but there's no shade. I mean, come on! Did people from Seattle design the patio? It's Arizona! You can't have a patio with metal furniture and zero shade.
I heard that temple bar served tater tots smothered in cheese and bacon.  For this I thought it would be worth it to go to temple.    Well the first time I went there the bartender told me he had sent home the cook.  At the *restaurant* he had sent home the *cook.*  restaurant but no cook?    So we had drinks and I got a vodka cran so red that there's a crayola in the works that will have the words "temple bar vodka cran red" emblazoned on its wrapper.    One week later, we show up again to tb (appropriately the same acronym as an infectious disease) and are told that they just changed the schedule and no food is available!  Foiled again!    Well fortunately I had gotten in my order before the bad news came and I had the smothered tots. I was underwhelmed--not enough cheese, bacon that was too sweet... ftr the saying is *under*promise and *over*deliver, not the goddamn reverse, ppl.   And the waitress was very confused as to how to handle a large group, with the check and what not.  Well maybe she should worry about how she'd pay her bills without customers?  Food for thought.    Save your trip.  Go to zipps or wherever, doesn't matter to me.
Two stars for Temple should be extreme flattery.  I just want to remind everyone that as of Tuesday night, we are still in a recession. People are looking for work, companies are going out of business left and right, middle class families are living on the street. What does this mean, you ask?  Well, it means if I come into your eating and drinking establishment with fifteen others, you should be excited that your damn bar is getting business and that you will walk out with some cash in your pocket.  Is that what happened? No  We got terrible service. Our waitress was really snappy and rude, complaining before we even sat down about splitting checks. She took a few orders first and then came back later to take the rest while informing us that they were no longer serving food. If she would have said that in the beginning, maybe everyone would have had a chance to order before the kitchen closed.  The "smothered" tater tots were basically just sprinkled with cheese.  This was a huge disappointment because I love cheese.  The only redeeming thing about this place was the fact that they had good reverse happy hour specials.  Temple - if you want repeat customers, treat them a little better. Especially since you are in WAY northeast Scottsdale and people are not just going to accidentally run into you.
Save yourself, DO NOT go here!  See AMber W. - place is empty, you provide a service that results in tips, it's a recession, be lucky you have a job, how 'bout you be a little nicer?!?!?   Her review was almost a year ago, well they haven't changed!    This is the third time I've been here and each time it's worse!    My boyf enjoys the herb crusted burger, it's not bad.  But, to have to put up with sourpuss jerks, NOPE, not fabulous enough!!!  I had a burger, nothing to write home about...  And, along with very dismal depressing servers & bartenders, it stinks like a night after a chorus of Englishmen singing rugby songs till morn were there (it stinks every time we've been there), and the wonky unstable chairs, and the not so great pricing, please find a reason why you should hurt yourself by going to this awful dwelling!  This is a review from three separate spaced apart visits, one lunch, one an event, one dinner, I've earned the right to give this place negative stars, dammit, I can't...!  Oh, and by the way, the tots are NOT good x 3!!!
My wife and I went on a Sat. at 1pm, only 3 tables going and I can see why! $11 for a burger, $8 is the opening price for wine "OUCH" You can go down T. Peak Pky and find the real deal at ZIPP'S. Pass and spend your $$ wisely somewhere else!
If you want a draft beer with a fantastic view, you cannot get a better spot than the Temple Bar.  They have a wonderful selection of draft beer and it is at the foothills of the McDowells with an unobstructed view.  The reason I rated it as two stars is due to upkeep and food quality.  When the Temple Bar opened, we regularly visited this establishment since it is a neighborhood bar.  Over the past few years, the outside patio furniture has deteriorated to the point where it is almost unusable.  In addition, the tables and chairs always seem dirty when we show up.  I have rarely had a time where a wait person proactively wipe it off.  In addition, when reading the menu, the food sounds good but in the end I am always disappointed.  Again, a great place for a beer and the view but we find ourselves not going there often due to the cleanliness and low food quality.
I was so excited to go to this bar I just moved to the  neighborhood an there are not a lot of options an from what I had read seemed pretty cool ! Well wrong couldn't get service if my life depended on it , in fact   the bartender looked at us an turned her back like she was to good to serve us, they weren't very busy or I would understand,we were sitting at the bar might I mention !  ! Her loss an the restaurant I might not look like I have a lot of money but I am a great tipper an patron !  after not getting served a drink or any food we had to leave ...hungry an disappointed not to mention thirsty !!
This place is close to where I used to work, so it was on the list of places to go for lunch or staff happy hour.  For some reason, it always seriously underwhelmed me.  Very dark, like it might be hiding dirt, the food passable and the service spotty.
It is a sports bar with reasonable charges for food and drink. The food however is your typical bar food and nothing seems all too fresh. I had the turkey burger and my hubby had a chicken sandwich. Both tasted like they had come from the freezer and thrown on a grill. The tater tots tasted like they had been over fried, refried or the oil needed to be changed. I think the kitchen cuts corners which is a real shame because I like the atmosphere there.
This is only a review of the food.  We went if for lunch and wanted to like this place because of the location.  The ambiance for a sports bar was pretty chill and seemed clean (for a bar).  Unfortunately, the food just sucks balls.  I ordered a roast beef with peppers and puked it up within an hour  It seriously must have been a weak old and I would equate it to chewing on some jerky (without the flavor).  The waitress was really nice but the fact that I threw up within an hour of eating means that I won't be back.   **DO NOT ORDER ANY KIND OF ROAST BEEF!!!!****
Meh. I've experienced better. I've been here a few times and would have to say for every time I enjoy my visit the next couple of times I don't enjoy my visit. Maybe I'm cranky because for the last 3 nights in a row I've been less than happy with my venue choices.  My wife was hungry and wanted to order right away but I insisted that we get our drinks first. It's been my experience that if you order your drinks and meal at the same time, it takes forever to get your drinks. Especially since there were only two servers working during a packed house during Monday night football. Sure enough, it took some time to get our drinks, but at least our server was easy on the eyes and seemed to care about her customers.  The food is sometimes good but it's normally not the greatest. I wanted to try a burger but our server said that they couldn't guarantee medium so I decided to get a Reuben. The Reuben was passable but I forgot to ask them not to put so much freaking thousand island on the sandwich. Don't get their Philly sandwich, the last time I had it, it tasted like it was expired. They at least replaced the Philly sandwich with another item.  I think the best way to enjoy Temple Bar is to only drink the adult beverages while sitting out on the gorgeous patio.
I've been there in the past and enjoyed but after this past Saturday night, we wont be back.  Service was horrible food was ok.
The service was terrible and food was even worse!  We had a coupon for $10 off of our bill and when we went to use it we were told it was not valid because it was happy hour even though that was not stated on the coupon. When we complained to the manager, he was extremely rude and said that he was doing us a favor by even offering a coupon and why should he pay for the extra printing cost to state it was not valid during happy hour. Unbelievable! Needless to say, their coupons are no good but neither is their service or food.
Could be, quite possibly, the worst wings I've had. Wait...  Four Peaks...  They are really inconsistent, but never good.  They are either way overdone, to a point where the bone disintegrates.. or the skin is soggy and rubbery. If they are deep fried how does that happen?  I guess it's just bar food but put some love into it please!!  I live around the corner and its so convenient.  Great place to watch a game, but eat somewhere else.
Found this place last night on bringfido.com, I was in the area and had my dog with me so needed a place that was pet friendly. The ONLY good thing about this place was the large pet friendly patio area. We sat for a long time before even being acknowledged. In the dozen times a server walked by, not a single "be right with you" No drink refills After asking for a box, she began to place other customers dirty plates on top of my boyfriends plate making a comment like "if you say you didn't like it I can take it off your bill." I had to stop her from laying dirty dishes on our food and explained that we would be taking the food home if she brought a box.   I could go on and on but will sum it up like this:   Terrible service, possibly worst ever.  The food was so-so.  Won't be back.
ordered fish & chips and fried shrimp, both were pretty bad. fish batter was soggy, coleslaw was very bland and had no flavor and fries were burnt. i will not return.
I hate to do this as I'm always hopeful this place will pull it together but I have to admit, I've started going to the "other" neighborhood pub more and more. Reasons?  *Patio ALWAYS dirty and furniture stained and falling apart. Is it that hard to keep that wonderful patio space comfortable and inviting?  * They changed the menu and not in a good way.  *Apparently the gym next door took over the bags game area and so that fun is no more.  *Bathrooms also dirty and broken all the time and paper towel machine empty.  Unfortunately it seems this place is managed very poorly and/or barely hanging on financially and cannot afford to keep things fresh and presentable. Really too bad as it was a great place for awhile.
R.T. O'Sullivan's ( more than  six months back  things may have changed but my prior two visits had us   walking out re time it took to serve us/ and then  forgot to  cook part of the order. )  It's about as Irish as Sobriety  ( Yeah I have the Celtic passport to back that slander up)   Chicken Wings Plain, BBQ, Teriyaki, Mild, Medium, Hot, Death or HELL !(no returns on HELL) Served with celery and ranch dressing.  I think I get it, they are being ironic... Because if you get what you want it's not hell!.   The thought of an Irish bar without cider is as laughable as a French bar sans wine or a burger joint that doesn't have   coke but would you like a nice green tea? Er no.   No hard apple cider in stock , please perry, aka pear cider is fine but it's not frickin' cider and there seems to be some reality problems with bars here.   NM , ok I do mind .. The wings, HELL? , HELL-o I thought I was meant to be in mortal danger here. Seemingly a sauce mild enough to douche with is their idea of hell.. mine is paying $8 to be sorely disappointed, again. Gets better they totally forgot to bring out the wife's main course..   No black pudding on the menu and still insisting that Corn beef / cabbage is from the old country and not an American invention  oh well, it's a theme  ,it's not reality.    It's really an opportunistic "schtick" to tie a  run of the mill sports bar with some character.
Men's bathroom attendant with cologne and buggle gum in a sports bar?  Really?  Yes, they do have one on occasion, and he takes all of the paper towels so you're forced to receive one from him after washing your hands in the restroom.    This is a sports bar that has virtually nothing to do with being an Irish bar other than it's name.  Food is inconsistent, service is usually atrocious but understandable - they hire cute girls in skimpy clothing.  If you want the eye candy but poor service then this is your place.  A lot of broken glass in the parking lot and the place can get very noisy on weekends.
Meh...I went here for the Lakers game today.  They have appetizers, burgers, sandwiches, ribs, and salads.  The O'Connell burger that I ordered, which had bacon was just so-so.  The fries were decent.  The Coors Light was a little flat.  Overall, just an average sports bar.  The crowd here seemed a little older.
Lame-O! Many Nasties flock to this bar to... hang out ?  What is with this area of Glendale?!?  AT LEAST you can go with your own crowd of peeps and seclude yourself outside with a game of 'Bags' or 'Cornhole' or 'Beanbag Game.'
Well, we travel a lot for sporting events and love sports bars, especially Irish pubs.  We have been here once before and service was pretty good considering it was busy with the NFL crowd.  The food is pretty standard and the waitress attentive.  We visited this place again last night after a game and were shocked with the service.  The bar area was pretty much empty for Sunday Night Football but our waitress was unbelievably slow.  It took forever for our drinks & food to arrive and then the food was cold.  The waitress seemed to be tired, sleepy or who knows what but she definitely didn't want to be there. We had to get our own silverware & condiments, including drink refills at the bar.  Meanwhile, the waitress barely checked on us and walked away before we could reply.  Thank goodness for the girl bartending.  She seemed to realize what was going on and took care of us, including accepting our comments about her co-workers work ethic.  I don't know her name but she made a bad situation tolerable.  I won't be returning here anytime soon but I'm sure I will give it another go someday.  I'm hoping this was just an isolated occurrence.  I hope the waitress realizes that 'tips' are based on service & NOT guaranteed!
I used to enjoy coming here a few years ago,but it sure has changed.T hey blast awful music on fri and sat nights.all played by a clueless d.j. who only plays a cross between bad rap,techno,and whiney hipster music.they used to play a variety of rock,rap,alternative,classic rock, and rnb which was fine. The food is actually pretty good and they have .a great happy hour. I usually only come here on weekdays now,and it's always good on those days. Service is usually good,and they have$1 tacos on wednesday afternoons. Had excellent service by the bartender last time too. but i will never come on a weekend.they're trying to be a dance club now,and failing miserably. Nice outdoor patio though.
Great for watching sports but that's about it. The service is more than lacking. That's about it..Dont want to spend too much more time writing about it.
It's closed!!!
We came in here for a couple of drinks after a Monday night football game. For a Monday night it was really dead. I don't think this place is used to seeing so many asian people in their bar. We were even carded twice!  They've got some beer pong tables out front and the bar tender seemed pretty friendly. All the tables and chairs are really high. I'm not really quite sure why that is. So for a short person like me, it was easier for me to just stand and talk to people. The prices for drinks are reasonable, anywhere from $5 to $8 or so. I found the place kind of boring though.
ONE glass of White Wine and ONE Club Soda...$14.  Fourteen...bucks.... not even so much as a SMILE or direct eye contact from the Bartender. Not even a "you're welcome" after I said thanks.  Hideously evil.
Quinn's on a Monday night was absolutely dead.  Heavy metal music didn't seem to fit with the Irish Pub theme.  On top of that the food was pretty bad.
Did someone set off a smoke bomb in here??? Wow.  So, yes, I have an aversion to cigarette smoke and it doesn't get much worse than this little Irish Pub. It's like walking into a fog of stink and impending doom. I hate it. I went to meet a group of friends for the weekly Pub Quiz gathering on Tuesday night. I arrived about 10 minutes till 7:00 and it didn't seem so bad in here. Apparently that's a farce and all of the smoking pub quizzers arrive right on time. By 7:00 this place was disgusting. I won't be back and the smoke is the only reason.  I gave this place an extra star because the Pub Quiz was loads of fun. Darby, from the band Darby O'Gill and the Little People, and Skinny Matt do a great job with this Pub Quiz. Darby is the MC and Matt takes care of the other quiz stuff, passing out the picture round and whatnot. If you can get past the atmosphere, which I clearly can't, it's truly a good time.   Don't expect to get good service unless you want to stand at the bar all night. During Pub Quiz this place is packed and they have one waitress working. We ordered a pitcher to start with and it was empty for a good 15-20 minutes before she came back to offer us another round. It's not as though she was ignoring us but there were a hundred people to serve and she didn't stop the whole time. Unless you like to nurse your pint all night for fear you won't get another and you have a hankering for some second-hand smoke, find a different pub.
Taking my Irish partner out to the pub should be a gesture of pure love. Finding an authentic pub near home should be a joy of epic proportions. Our visit to Tim Finnegans was disappointing. We seem to have difficulty getting attention in places we visit. Here again was a place we had to seat ourselves, get our own menu's, help ourself to silverware all while the place wasn't busy. We sat and when we did get a server she was incompetent. We tried to order food and drinks, but she left the table before we could finish.  We  got our drinks delivered by another server and asked for the appetizer from her. Then we just sat and watched the game on the screen. We watched our original girl take two other tables orders. Out came the appetizer and when it was completely gone, she came over to take our dinner order.  The food: The chips and and curry appetizer was quite tasty, the curry sauce should be thicker to coat the chips more, and it could add some spice, but I thought it was a very novel item. The signature Lamb Shepherd's pie was very disappointing. You can substitute the L with an Sp and drop the silent B and get a better description of it's content. Hormel would be proud. The champ potatoes on top would be better replaced with pastry. My partner's corned beef and cabbage was decent. However the Corned beef was cut in narrow slivers and the meat was bloated with water. On the other hand the cabbage and parsley was very good. The potatoes were the same as atop the pie, they stood up better on a plate. We ordered the bread pudding and thought that the exterior was fabulous, the interior a bit too slimy and the whiskey/bourbon sauce, lacking in flavor or sweetness with a consistency that unnerved. I do not want to use an unsavory term for the consistency of that sauce, but it needs much more sweetening regardless. Take the sauce from Rula Bula and put it on the bread and you'd be much happier indeed! Over all the decor is nice, the place could have a good ambiance especially if they were playing Irish music, they weren't. It was some modern rock station. The check came before the dessert was gone and, well I guess we were done.  Sigh. This really could have been a better experience.
the food here is great. but the service leaves something to be desired.  we called ahead with a party of 10 at noon on a sunday -- they said it would be no problem. when we got there, there was one server on the floor and she apparently couldn't keep up. we got our own silverware, condiments and refills.   when we expressed displeasure to the owner, he told us the server was overworked -- but he wasn't all that polite about it. (and anyway, isn't that his fault?) it should also be noted that he was behind the sparsely-seated bar the entire time and didn't seem to be helping her at all. he apologized and put in an order for free dessert. we weren't in the mood to sit there longer -- we had already been there for two hours -- so when we passed on dessert, the owner got pissy. i would have called someone else to complain, but there isn't  much you can do when even the owner is rude to you.  anyway. go for the food, but consider getting it to go.
They added too much to their menu, and they're overwhelmed. They also got rid of their good lunch specials. So, go here for the drinks and the atmosphere.  Hopefully the management is only doing this temporarily. Because I miss their $5 lunch specials. They're not so popular yet as to scrape those, add a dozen items to the menu, and call it quits. Their kitchen can't handle it.  So, eat beforehand and come up. The drinks are still good, until they raise the prices of those too.  Edit: Spoke too soon. I just went to their website and noticed they changed their "$3 Smithwicks Every day All Day" to the far inferior Carlsberg for $3 whatever, whatever. Oh, it's sad to see such potential beginning to tank so soon. Service has dropped, quality of food has dropped, and now they really are already raising their drink prices. Shame.
It has been a while since we stopped by as we are loyal to O'Connors, but we heard the food was good so we got a late lunch one afternoon. The place was nice decor was traditional, the people were friendly. We sat at the bar, and they didn't have the drink I wanted but they did offer a couple other things. When the food came out, I just wasn't impressed if I recall correctly it was 11 dollars for 2 pieces of fish and some french fry's and I left still feeling hungry.   If I were just going to drink I would go back, but the food just didn't impress me. I may try them again, but I just wasn't impressed.
Wife and I went to T. F. today at lunch intent on corned beef and cabbage (me) and fried fish (her).  Waiter told us we could have the all you can eat fish for only 6 dollars more than the regular fish.  We took the regular fish.  What she got was either a very small piece of fish or half of a regular sized one.  Was fried up in a salty bit of batter.  Came with good cole slaw but there was only about two teaspoons of it.  Also came with some overcooked, limp and greasy french fries.  All for $9.00!! My corned beef was good.Small portion again but good.  The cabbage was so salty that it might have been cooked in brine.  Fortunately there was only about 2 tablespoons of it.  It also came with mashed potatoes which were good but again super small portions.  My meal was also $9.00.  Iced tea was $2.25 and Harp beer (small glass) was $5.00.  Not too bad. Chef needs to learn how big a serving size is.  He can't tell the difference between regular serving sizes and children's sizes. HINT:  every day they have a different special.  That special is the big, that is to say regular size, for only a few bucks more.  So order the special even if it sounds big 'cause it isn't.  You'll actually save money because after we paid over $30 bucks we still went over to near by Carvers because we were still hungry. Very sorry I didn't have the same experience that some of my fellow Yelpers did. I guess this is a beer drinking place and food comes secondary.
slow and i love shepherds pie but it sucks here and corn beef is dry and you pay alot for what you get stay away !
Had a Reuben. Not a Reuben. Cole slaw instead of sauerkraut. Very little thousand island dressing. Marble bread, not a strong rye flavor. Corned beef was bland too. Very, very, bland. I'm from Omaha, NE., born and raised, where the Reuben was invented. I'm also Irish. This is more of what's called a Rachel Reuben, except it sticks with the slightly corned beef instead of pastrami or turkey. A Reuben should have a sour and tang, stink a bit. Disappointed. Why they ruined such a beautiful creation is beyond me.
Went with a group because it was close to hotel. The service was good to start it took at least an 45 minutes to get food. When food came it was cold. Looked good but frys were cold and sandwhich were all cold. Would not go back considering the place was not busy. Very disappointing.
The one positive is that our waiter was great and very attentive. When we went outside he would come find us and give refills or whatever we needed. My friend ordered rum and cokes and they were so weak she had to send it back...twice. I did not like the corned beef and cabbage. The corned beef looked processed to me. The live music was so loud we had to find a corner somewhere that would not blow my ear drums out. I was not impressed with this place.
From the minute you step in the door, it's pretty obvious that this is a chain. The nice thing about pubs in Ireland (lived over in the UK until I was 21, so I've been to a pub or seven) is that they may be owned by one or two brewery's, but they each have their own feel, menu, and clientele. Also, I've never seen a pub in Ireland with the servers wearing Scottish kilts; come to think of it, I've never seen one with the servers wearing Irish kilts either. The place lacked the craic (not a drug, the other kind--fun, enjoyment, abandonment, or lighthearted mischief; often in the context of drinking or music).   What I really want to know is what the heck nachos were doing on the menu in a so-called Irish pub. Just because potato wedges were substituted for tortilla chips doesn't mean the dish is now Irish. Oh, and what was up with the Cheese Whizz crap they put on top of them. On the bright side, the boxty wasn't bad--basically stewed beef (cooked with Guinness) in a potato pancake.   Suggestion:  a live, Irish band might make all the difference to D'Arcy McGee's, but I'm not in charge of marketing. In the mean time, if you want a place with a somewhat more traditional Irish pub's atmosphere, go to Rula Bula on Mill Avenue.
The Good: They have a decent happy hour (or as they call it "Sociable Hour). You can get 20 ounce Smithwick's, Guinness or Harp for $3, and $3.50 Stella Artois.  The Bad: If you want another, you'll have to wait and Sociable Hour may be over by your second drink.  The Ugly: There are no food specials for Sociable Hour. So, should you get the server who has some speed to them you'll probably end up wasted on cheap beer because you can't afford the food.  The Good: They were able to accommodate our large group of people. There were about 7 of us who showed up and another 5 came a bit later. They placed us at a table inside but when we realized that we needed more room they kindly gave us the option of sitting outside or moving to a new table inside. We went outside and were okay.  The Bad: Service was even more hit or miss outside. It's sort of like the waiter forgot about us. Then, as business picked up a waitress was assigned to the patio area but of course, had no idea what was going on with us so we had to tell the servers what to do.  The Ugly: As we moved outside our waiter came out to ask us how everything was. He then proceeded to ask if we were going to order actual food or just eat appetizers. Um dude, WTF do you care? Each person ordered an appetizer so it's basically the same thing as ordering an entree. Don't be a douche.  The Good: The menu seems to have lots of options.  The Bad: They don't really seem Irish.  The Ugly: They really aren't that good. And despite the fact that most places will alter whatever menu item to suit your tastes, they won't. I asked for the Mushroom and Bacon grillbread with out Bacon (I know odd) but was told that "the grillbreads are pre-made and with how busy it is right now, the kitchen can't do it." Thanks. Maybe I didn't have a problem with waiting and that the rest of the food looks unappealing to me.   Here are a couple of other things that annoyed me: There was never a drink list. I get that this is a pub type place and they'll have the standard beers like Guinness. But what about Newcastle? What do you have in bottles? I didn't really want to deal with our waiter anymore than I had to so I just ordered what I saw on a sign on the table. The outfits are really stupid. And I hate to be mean, but some of those girls should not be wearing skirts that short. The music also sucked. At one point we wondered if they were playing Christian Rock. If you want to play Irish music, play it. Don't play Irish easy listening though.  For a Friday night, it wasn't horrible. A couple of glasses of Harp will mellow anyone out and for the most part I was having a blast catching up with some old friends, peppered with shitty service from this place. Tempe Marketplace is not close to me, and I'm pretty sure I'll never be back. There are so many other places in Phoenix that have a pub feel that I'd rather try them then come back to this poor imitation.
I'm sorry, it wasn't possible to give negative stars.  I went here after hearing some well placed advertising on the radio.  Who knows what corporate monger is funding the promotion of this horrific excuse for an Irish pub, but let's hope they realize it's all for nothing and open something worthwhile in it's spot.  I completely agree that it's an obvious attempt to re-create an Irish pub by a chain restaurant.  A highly unsuccessful attempt.  The decor was cheap and re-created for the feel, but one glance up and the poorly disguised open, industrial type ceiling explained why it was so loud and not at all 'pub-ish'.  The menu did a great job of making things sound super tasty.  Everything we ordered was anything BUT tasty.  We opted to start with the Crisp Calamari & Shrimp.  Wow, does Van de Camp know that you are serving their food for public consumption?  I bet they'd love the nod of acknowledgement.  By the way, this was the best thing we got all night long.  Next came the entrees, billed as Irish Favorites on the menu.  eegads!  I ordered the Guiness Steak & Mushroom Boxty.  What I got was Dinty Moore Beef stew in a folded over tortilla!  My boyfriend ordered the Guiness Steak & Mushroom Crock.  The same Dinty Moore, side by side with mashed potatoes, fresh from the box.  We were so disappointed that we barely ate anything.  We actually preferred the appetizer of frozen tid bits to the entrees.  Thankfully, our waitress noticed & sent the manager over.  Sadly, he insisted that we must not like authentic Irish food and that their chef's fly to Ireland to meet with top chefs and bring back the best recipes.  Wow, $45 for 3 bites of food, and an appetizer worthy of the frozen food isle in the grocery store.  I can't even pass along the $20 gift card to my worst enemy to eat there.
After seeing a movie late Saturday afternoon, the husband and I decided to try D'Arcy McGees since we were in the area. Big mistake. It's the Disney World version of an Irish pub. The hostesses and waitresses are dressed in short plaid skirts and knee highs. The menus are super glossy and remind me of the ones you get at Ruby Tuesdays. Not much on the menu appealed to us, which made selecting something to eat hard. There isn't much on the menu that screams Irish pub to me at all except for boxtys.  We had the "Blarney Chips" as an appetizer which were waffle fries, cheese, tomatoes and jalapeno peppers. They were not good at all. The "nippy cheese" was Cheez-Whiz! It also made the fries soggy. We left quite a bit on the plate. For dinner, Chris had the Yorkshire pudding appetizer, which he said was reasonably good. I had the Warm Goat Cheese salad...mistake. The goat cheese was mixed with herbs and something else that Chris and I can't put our fingers on, but whatever it was, it did not taste good. The spring mix was good, but if you mess up lettuce, then you should not be in business. For 2 beers, 2 appetizers, and 1 salad, our bill came to $42. Prices were definitely on the high side for the quality of food.  D'Arcy McGees has no atmosphere at all and could really be helped by having live bands. It really is a restaurant and has no pub feel to it at all. As Chris said, this wouldn't be a place you would just go and drink like you would at other pubs in the Valley like Rosie's or Rula Bula. To sum up our experience at D'Arcy McGees, when we were waiting to pay the bill, Chris looked at me and said, "I wish we had just gone to Chipotle instead."
Ok, so I went to this place on Saturday night with a first date.  Its located inside the Tempe Market place sortof near the theatre section.  So, I get there, and its a late date.  Like 10:30 PM.  On a Saturday Night.  They had a few security people checking ID's, and after I did that and got my hand stamped, my date and I went and got seated.  The place was half empty!  There were people at the bar area, and a few seated throughout the rest of the resturant.  So, we sit down.  For some reason, service took forever here.  My date went to the bar and ordered drinks, but eventually the server came by and took it for us.  (he was waiting for a while at the bar.)  I guess after a certain time they only have a limited menu.  So, we ordered our food.  He got a burger and fries, and I got this bread with stuff on top of it.  His burger looked delicious, and my bread looked appitizing and was tasty.   Another thing I disliked was that there was some kind of band playing here...and it was really really loud.  I mean, I personally am not a band critic, but it was really annoying, and loud, and I couldnt carry on a conversation or be heard.  So, not condisive to enjoying a dinner.  Anyways, I cant say that I would reccomend this place, the food was okay, but the service was SO SLOW, and the music was super loud and annoying.  I dont plan on returning anytime soon.
D'Arcy McGee's reminds me of Casey Moore's lameass cousin who shops at Wal-Mart, invites clients to dinner parties and talks about work every second you're with him.  It's just so corporate.  Everything that could be potentially perceived as being a "pub" or "Irish" or "fun" is whitewashed with wholesome, Tempe Marketplace diarrhea.  My main complaint is that it seems like a bar that my aunt and uncle would love.  They'd think the dcor was really cute and they'd then become regulars.  I feel a little bad for the girls that work there.  They wear these plaid miniskirts and these high socks and it's just the ideal image for a pervy, fatass businessman to drool all over.    That being said, this place isn't all bad.  The one advantage it has is that it's pretty damn close to the movie theater.  So, conveniently enough for me, I can slip in, grab a couple beers and a couple cocktails and watch something good and buzzed.  Oh, and one time I smoked a cigarette outside and I saw someone hock a loogie onto a cop car.  I laughed.  Two stars for the loogie and for the convenient location.
This place has a complex about what ethnicity is it. Plaid skirts are Scottish, food from the U.K. only includes Northern Ireland, and the boxty this place served me came in a potato tortilla. Really. just like at the Old Town Tortilla Factory. For the record, boxty isn't entirely irish. In fact with the exception of a burger and mash potatoes, nothing on this menu would appear on a menu in ireland, not even at the airport.  and even if boxty was a reguarly served food there, its always done poperly by shredding potatoes. Thats in fact the only part of the dish that makes it the dish. That aside, even what what in our "boxty" was gross. I didn't expect a lot, but this place dissapoints.
D'Arcy McGee's is like a beauty contestant... nice to look at but inept when it comes to basic talents.  On several visits the service has either been slow, bad or downright invisible.   The food is avg. at best, and definitely reflects the corporate chain mentality behind the place.  It's as much and Irish/Celtic pub experience as Outback is a celebration of Australian fare.
This place is just ok. It looks nice and we hoped for the best but it felt like a large fake chain. We had a large technology group who wanted to meet there and they claimed to have wireless, but their signal was terrible and their hardware wasn't worth it. We asked them to help accomodate us and that we'd be bringing back large groups again, but they didn't seem interested in our business and we've not been back since.
This place sucks. Please seat yourself and please serve yourself. After sitting for about 5 minutes we watched 3 servers ignore us & had to go inside. We watched this happen with 2 other tables. The music sucks, don't order liquor drinks because you'll be paying $10 for soda water!
There are a few things you need to make sure you have down when opening a pseudo-Irish pub and restaurant in America (besides spelling restaurant correctly. not that I'm pointing any fingers *yelp*):   ** A suitable name with Mc or O' thrown in there somewhere preferably right before a name like Caffrey's or Boole's.   ** You need U2's entire discography and every other Mick bastard (said in the most loving way possible) music artist/group (as long as their brogue is thick enough to discern. note: Scottish bands may also be used because what real American can tell the difference anyway?) that ever produced a single track rotating through the ceiling mounted speakers just above loud enough to hear. Awwe yay, just what I always wanted more Cranberries. Zaw-awm-bey! zaw-awm-bey! ey! ey! ey! oh! oh!  ** Emerald Isle and the bastard Imperialists across the way standard eats: shepherd's pie, fish and chips (with malt vinegar dammit!), Scottish eggs, corn beef hash...  ** GUINNESS! (Is fearr de th Guinness), cider of some kind, Harp...  ** Whisky!  ** Irish-y type ambiance but cleaner and new. Dark wood and pictures of Irish miners/railroad workers and pictures from the potato famine (nothin' makes me appreciate not being able to finish all my food and the greatness that is America and to be American like a picture of a starving sickly Irish child. ahhh the good ol' days. give my scraps to the rats, I'm done.)  There maybe a couple others that I missed but I doubt they, Prime Pubs/D'Arcy McGee's Inc. or Llc or Corp or whichever it is franchise, missed anything. Just so you know, if you do notice anything that might look slightly askew it's probably OK but be aware because this company was founded in Canada.   I have been to this location a couple or 3 times before mostly because it is the lesser of evils at Tempe Market(ing)place and they have beer. This most recent was with me Dah. We were headed to a Dr. Parnassus for a Gilliam fix but ran a wee bit late and missed the 10 of the clock showing so after kicking a few rocks we decide... food! Came down to two places; pseudo-Mexican or pseudo-Irish. Luckily I was able to convince my partial Creator that being served was a better idea than, 'carne asada burro... yes, black beans please... lettuce... *shuffle, shuffle* guacamole... cheese.... *shuffle, shuffle* yes, hot please.... yes, that's it and a Coke please.' And we could possible catch some the Olympics. We pull up to the bar and the not too friendly (just the right amount of friendly) bar wench asked us how she could service us (wink! wink! nudge! nudge!). '2 frosted glasses of your finest Coca Cola please!' I shouted. It wasn't even noon people, geesh! I'm not a savage, only like a quarter savage or something like that. Then I continued with 'and a round of the same for our new friends at the bar!' Luckily there wasn't anyone else seated at the bar at the time. Imagine if it had been full I would have been out like 7 big ones and I really like one dollar bills. They are my favorite.  After she threw a couple of menus at us and told me that I might not want to order the spring lamb pie because the lamb takes longer to prepare (which was very nice of her because I had a lot of nothing to do later that day) I decided on just the plain ol' shepherd's pie just like me dear ol'Da ordered and also an order of calamari and shrimp to start. I hadn't had calamari since my first nightmare experience with it back in the previous century. I think I suffered a little PTSD from it but I knew that part of my recovery involved exposure so there I went and how it went with the calamari was well. The shrimp was a smidge over done though but passable. Shortly after we inhaled the tentacles and shrimp abs the shepherds pie arrived. The pie was fair in the most average way and was smartly handled by my fork and mouth.  Oh yah! Hi-liter! They have Magners Cider! but that same bar wench wouldn't give me one. She said they were out. I think she may have been lying to keep it all for herself. That redheaded doxy looked a little shadowy from the get go but tricked me with a grin and I didn't notice that she spoke out of both sides of her mouth. So I have to go back because Magners is a really good cider. Unlike Strongbow and ACE, Magners is a reason why you would look forward to having to go back to a mediocre bar/restaurant.   2 stars because yah, I've had better and a-ok it is just not.
Very disappointing.  I don't understand why it is called an Irish Pub.  The food was not great, very expensive, and the service was bad (considering we were the only ones in the place.)  Much better places to go when you feel like spending $40 on a meal for two
Maybe this rating is a bit harsh.  It wasn't that bad.  But, I also think that we have ALL been to more authentic pubs which were more comfortable, and offered better fare than this location.  I want to give a third star, but, I cannot because it would be misleading when you consider other places that I have given a three star rating.  After three visits, here is what I will say and why I am leaving it at two...:-(  1. If you decide to be daring and offer a stilton based boule for a starter...PLEASE ADD STILTON.  It cannot be cream cheese with a few crumbs of stilton because those who really love stilton are going to be ordering it JUST for that strong odor and taste.  Don't cheat. 2.  Two of the three times I visited, you were out of rice for your curry dish.  REALLY?  Poor planning.  And, it is VERY hard for me to give marks on an Irish Pub without tasting its curry.  Sadness. 3.  Service with a smile.  Not a snarl.  And although my heavily tattooed server was pleasant with us, she really must have been having a bad night on one of my visits where she had to basically ignore a small group having a birthday because she voiced that they were too " needy".  It's their birthday!  And they were born in May.  One should anticipate some neediness. 4.  I have to give you props for the mini yorkshire puddings but technically those are not irish.  They are northern England.  Hence the name?  But they are good. 5.  Fisherman's Chowder needs to be less gelatinous and more fishy.  You don't need to have corn starch added to the broth.  Was this done to once again spread this out and save on fish?  Not sure but it was not a winner.  It was just not right. 6.  The Steak and Mushroom Crock:  just ok.  Got it twice and found it very salty.  I keep wanting to give the place another go. Here's why.  I like that there is an attempt to have live music on the weekends.  And the spirit of the Irish sing a long is alive there.  So, if we can just get some of the food items worked out and some of the people to love their jobs... it could be better.  I just know it can.  Please?
I came in here last night before a movie to grab a pint of Guinness. I was very unimpressed with the decor, it looked very unauthentic, I also thought the service was horrible. We let the server know we were in a hurry and ordered our drinks and attempted to close our tab at the same time. That apparently was too much for her to handle. Overall, I didn't get a good vibe from this place, the food didn't look appetizing and it was overpriced. Needless to say, I won't be back. If you are in Tempe and want a good Irish pub, go to Rula Bula or Robbie Foxes.
If this were a review on service alone I would give 5 stars.  Our server, April, was very nice and attentive to our table.    I found the food to be a bit on the bland side.  My steak and mushroom crock was topped with instant potatoes.  The meat was tender and the mushrooms were fresh, but the instant potatoes were a deal-breaker for me.    My friend's lunch was pretty bland to her.  I did not taste it.    I will have to give this place another chance at a later date.  Their hamburgers looked really good.
See message below from the owner of D'Arcy McGees:  They do not use instant potatoes.  I would like to correct that portion of my review.    Amber, I am the owner of D'Arcy McGee's. We go through over 400lbs of potatoes a week. We have never used instant potatoes and never will. Your comments were not true. Come back to the Pub Tuesday -  Saturday from 11:00 AM - 04:00 PM  and I will take you for a tour of our kitchen so you can see for yourself.   Thanks,  Mike Dizinno
if you're the type of person who often frequents tempe marketplace you'll probably love it if not then im already sure your already at casey's laughing at the thought of drinking at this corporate sh*thole two or three beers ran my tab up to $31 dollars! idk about you but where i come from thats robbery a couple of pints should under no circumstance cost you $31 spare me
Yep 2 stars my friends.  I think this place gets the go simply because of the location.  Great place to put a restaurant let's just say - right outside the entrance to the theaters.  Other than that I'm not too impressed.  Food was edible and that's all I'll say, but nothing that really stuck out.  I guess I'm being too harsh, but I'm a food snob - I have the rights! :)  Decor is interesting.  They try to get the old pub feel, quite comfy and cozy but it's just not the same without snow - oh PHX!  However, I've been to a more interesting Irish pub up north called the skeptical chymist - and definitely more fun.  Service was kind and upbeat, which I expected from restaurants in Tempe Market Place.  Gosh, can you imagine that crowd they deal with!  - Enjoy!
menu is fairly lacking, even for an irish pub, and a bit overpriced, but maybe they have to be to make the rent...although they seem to make it up in booze sales.  staff was a bit rude and non-existant at times, but not much else around hre for irish pubs.  the guiness was good, but hard to screw that up I guess!
Ok, here's the deal. I spent my junior year abroad in Irleand. Pub=happy, community low key place to relax. This place was so full of it's own Irishness that I was floored.   I went in to have a little lunch while waiting for the techies at Best Buy to finish up a computer repair. Sat at the bar. I can say that the place is a magnet for power lunches with more expense account than they know what to do with. Other than that, the place wasn't seeing much by way of traffic. I was the only one at the bar, and their did not seem to be any in there dining "for pleasure".   The walls blast you with plaques of witty sayings about what it means to be Irish. Good thing, because other than that you would have no friggin clue that the place was "Irish" The decor was pompous and straightlaced. Quite honestly a real Irish pub would have kicked this sissy pub's ass.  I had a couple glasses of Cabernet and the short ribs. The ribs were pleasant, meaty rich and the julienned veggies a bit oversteamed for my taste, gravy A-ok.   They carded me which was amusing. The bill came to $22 for the wine and ribs, which seems a little much to me. But then again, I guess it takes some serious lettuce to be that authentic.
Seems overpriced for the quality of food.  I've been here probably 5 times, each time the appetizers and the entrees are just so-so.   There is one fantastic dish there, the goat cheese salad.  But again, it's goat cheese salad and I'm sure most people want something a bit more hearty when looking for an Irish pub.   That is quite honestly the only good dish I have have had there, or people I know have had there.  The menu is tradtional Irish fare, but it's just not that good, plain and simple.  Happy hour is pretty decent.
Y'know what? I usually try to go to a place a number of times before reviewing it. I was only here once an NEVER WANT TO GO BACK. It's just awful corporate "Irish" BS! Their burger (Mushroom Swiss I believe) was $14! So much I remarked to my friend how excited I was to try this ridiculously priced burger...it was moderately OK.   They had a Tullamore Dew mirror but no Tullamore on the menu (Tullamore Dew is an Irish Whiskey), going back to the place being "Irish." I asked the manager about the whiskey and he had no idea what I was talking about.  The best part! They had a beer menu with domestics and imports. Imports were $1.50 more and Fat Tire was listed on there as a Belgian import. Now it is from New Belgium Brewing, which is located in that far of land of Colorado! Again, asked the manager about that, he had no idea what I was talking about.
I thought I'd give this place another try. That was a mistake. They still can't pour a proper pint of Guinness (how hard can this be, the instructions are on the Guinness website). I had to send the pint back twice and finally gave up on the third one. The food was flavorless and cold. One person in my party had a soggy cold burger that appearred to me microwaved.  On a Saturday night, this place was empty. I don't understand with the reviews on here and the lack of business on the night most people go out to eat, how they are still open.   I rated this with one star because our service was incredibly nice (and apologetic when she realized none of us ate our meals or drank the Guinness and cut the price of our bill in half). I feel bad for the wait staff.
Well I've been to D'Arcy McGee's now for a third time (trying to give it the benefit of the doubt). The staff is always nice, the bathrooms are clean, and the place looks nice. With all that being said, I've found that each time we are there the food is only okay and the beer isn't cold enough. Yesterday was exactly the same as the times before. It's an easy place to visit after a movie or shopping, but I don't think I'll be back if I don't have to.
Stopped in before a movie for a bite to eat.  Food was meh and the service was the pits.  I really didn't need to hear the servers talk about bloody cuts and how they were in the hospital while I was eating.  Standing right in front of me!  I'll be going elsewhere
I give them a 1 star for the penny shots and nothing else.  I never got to try any food here but the gravy fries looked alright. I like more cheese per se but what really caught my attention was the lack of service. We had been sitting with our friends and having a good time. My boyfriend had seen a poster in the mens bathroom for bomb drinks for 4.99 with everything. So my boyfriend had ordered the harlem bomb with his friend and she added on the redbull as an extra for like $3 a piece.   With 6 people or 2 couples at LEAST you would think when the waitress first came up she would ask if we wanted the check split up to save time/frustration/ and confusion. She seriously had the audacity to tell us that we should have told her?! REALLY THOUGH REALLY? What kind of waitress is she?! I understand if the bar is closing and its slowed down but that doesnt mean its okay for you to go run and hide in the back and make out with your boyfriend. My friend walked out of the restroom and saw them eating each others faces. While we had a movie to catch and could not find her anywhere.  So with 20 min before the midnight showing of moneyball she finally brought us our long check that she asked 6 of us to separate on our own because she obviously wasn't smart enough to remember what we got and split it.   We had a hard time with how it was set up on the bill because their computer was having problems. When  we wrote down what we had on backs of receipts and a menu she took the original bill from us when we told her that she charged us for the red bull we could tell she didn't want to get an approval for that by the way she grabbed the bill from us. EXTREME FORCE! AWESOME!  I LOVE when  waitresses gives me attitude. She is lucky I'm patient but she is not lucky that one of our friends was a waitress before and does NOT  take Sh*t from anyone especially from people with extreme attitude.  So she came back again after a good 10 minutes of getting the red bull taken off with one whole check again and slammed it on the table. When my friend had seen this she spoke up and said "YOU NEED TO GET BETTER SERVICE SKILLS" the waitress came back and was like "what did you say to me?!" My friend responded by saying "i know this is a lot of work for you on a slow night but slamming our receipt doesn't solve anything" The waitress kept arguing i am not going to type it all because it topped the worst customer service experience i have ever witnessed and don't understand how the broad has a job as a waitress. We had split up two of the orders by writing down what we had ordered.  So it was self explanatory. she came back again after another 10-15 minutes.  I really wanted to try their food and desserts but after that experience i don't think any of the 6 people including myself will be going back.    I had to leave to go save our tickets for the movie so god only knows if she kept up with her hostile behavior. Most horrid waitress ever. Don't know her name because she never introduced herself kindly to say if we needed anything to call her over. All i know is she was talll dark brown hair and had a piercing on her face i believe a monroe but i am not positive. BEWARE. SHE MIGHT BITE YOUR HEAD OFF! EEK!  i hope the managers read this and i wish i had the time to talk to someone higher up than that night but did not have the time since it took her over 30 minutes to take off red bulls and split up checks. If your business has 2 and a half stars wouldn't that make you want to change something?? Where is the guy from restaurant impossible when you need him to yell at that girl??
So apparently the food was horrible according to 4 people so i know i wont be back for food even though the gravy cheese curd fries looked yummy enough
Unfortunately, I have learned that I have been causing a dear friend to have headaches due to my neglect of Yelp. So starting today I am turning over a new leaf, and will be more diligent in writing reviews. First on the list, is D'arcy McGee's.  We met up here for brunch this past weekend, and I was intrigued by the build your own bloody mary bar. For $5, the server (who was a sweetheart btw) brought me a water glass almost full of vodka. Yippee!!! I was apprehensive about having to mix my own mary, but thanks to their wide array of ingredients (including 3 different types of bloody mary mix, and real horseradish), I am now confident in my ability to make bloody mary's. If only they had bottomless mimosa's, I'd have been in heaven.   Renata had the chicken pot pie, which was gorgeous looking, in it's own bowl of puff pastry, but apparently tasted like chicken soup and saltines. For $7 less, we could''ve put a Marie Callender's pot pie in the oven, and hung out in our jammies. But we were out halloween shopping, which kind of requires leaving the house.  I had the corned beef hash, which was delightful. It was real corned beef, all stringy and seasoned like corned beef should be. And instead of diced potatoes, they mixed the corned beef into creamy, fluffly, buttery mashed potatoes and made a giant meat and potato pancake... YUM! And the texas toast was amazing! I could have made a meal out of just the texas toast. The rest of their brunch menu looked kind of meh.   I think the place could be top notch if they focus more on true irish food, and practice at doing that really really well.
Had dinner here one night and I would probably rate it has a 2.5.  They claim to have the best fish and chips in town so my bf ordered them and he was not overly impressed with them at all.  The fish looked like they were drowning in batter and the fries were cold and not very good.  Our server was ok, not overly friendly and not overly rude either.  I probably do not have to come back to this place.  If I want a pub feel I will probably head to the George and Dragon, at least there they have blackberry crumble!
i had the fish and chips. ($13) I've had better. Batter wasn't light, crispy and flavorful but undercooked and bland. The fish itself was perfectly done and thick but I'm sick of the places that serve fish that looks like it came from the grocer's freezer. Actually, Long John Silvers is better.  My wife had the shrimp and linguini which amounted to a big dish of noodles with some shrimp. ($11) Tomato and spinach mentioned in the menu was only one wedge of tomato and 1/4 of an oz. of spinach. More of a garnish really. We asked for more spinach and tomato and after 5 minutes got a cup of it.   Waitresses seemed to be gone somewhere and hard to track down even though it was dead.   Music was good. Ranging from Irish pub rock to classical rock. Nice decore. Very Irish.
For a bar that is supposed to be an Irish Pub, this place isn't very Irishy or Pubby (are those words?).  The service is average, the drinks are moderately priced. I like the place as a bar but I don't like that their claim to fame is an Irish Pub. You do not get to be an Irish Pub because you carry Guinness or color the bar a dark cherry finish.  The food here isn't the best. It's classic bar food but even a step below that in quality. I had the fish and chips (over $10) and have had better at fast food joints.  There are plenty of bars in Tempe Marketplace. Give another a try, you'll be happy you did.
I went here on  Tuesday evening while I was at Tempe Market Place for dinner. Their prices seemed fairly reasonable and their food sounded interesting. I also figured it might be a good place for a beer.  My girlfriend and I waited for about 10 min in front of the greeter's both to be seated. Seeing as no greeter came up, we moved to become more visible to the bartenders and waitresses. As we moved into what was the restaurant, two different bartenders and what looked like the only waitress looked at us, tried to avoid eye contact, and walked away from us at least 5 different times. As we waited for an additional 5-10 min to be noticed and seated, I realized the place was actually really empty; 12 or so people (a few at the bar and two tables being served). At one point I went up to the bar to attract the attention of the bar tender, but as soon as she served the guy next to me she walked to the other end of the bar to serve someone else, ignoring my attempt to communicate with her.   We left and went to California Pizza Kitchen instead. I have never seen such a blatant disregard for friendliness or service. I have no idea if any of their food was good because I never got a chance to try it. I suggest you save yourself the hassle and go somewhere else.
We stopped in this weekend to grab lunch with some friends.  Of course, since my name is "Darcy" it was kind of a fun idea.  The food was ok, I got the mac and cheese skillet which was average at best, and only over $10!  Yikes!  My husband got the fish and chips and said it was alright.    The service was average and food very overpriced.  They need to rethink their menu and pricing quick in order to survive.
As far as an Irish pub goes, this pub has a long way to go to get a rating of 5 stars.  The food is below average (except the lamb burger which is only a periodicly available item.   The stew could be from a Dinty Moore can.   I have had some extremely rude waitresses and have not been back for several months.   I love Irish Pubs, but there are many better available in the Tempe area.
it was St. Patty's day and the crowd was enormous, at 5pm! luckily, we were seated immediately. given the crowd, i should let it slide, but we made up for the wait to get service. a good 8-9 minutes passed before our server showed up.   we weren't expecting fireworks, but i've had guiness before and this by no means would qualify as Guiness beer. it was over the top flat. like drinking flavored water. i struggled to drink it. no bubbles either. it's not the servers fault, but obviously the bartender was overworked, knowing it takes several minutes to correctly pour a guiness. but then, my wife's Bud Light was flat too! yech....but we ordered 2 more and they were a bit better, but not by much.   we both ordered the fish n chips. a rather meager portion considering they charged 9 bucks for 1 piece of fish. and i could count the number of chips on the plate on 2 hands. they also failed miserably in the water glass test.   alas, it was st. patricks day and everyone seemed to be lively and drunk so we didn't let the sub-par beer, food, or service get us down. but we won't be back.
We came to D'Arcy McGee's for St. Patrick's Day and it was pretty busy! We decided to come to Tempe Marketplace for the block party and to see the greatest band ever, Filter, play (JK! Does anyone remember any other song they had besides "Picture"?...Didn't think so ;P). Once we found out we had to pay for it, we decided to come here instead.  The bar area was pretty busy and there was a long wait for a table so we decided to stay at the bar. Getting drinks wasn't easy since it was so crowded but we managed. One of the bartenders was really sweet. I was hungry so I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich with fries. I originally wanted the fish and chips but they were out (how does that even happen? I thought this was a "pub"?!). The sandwich was okay, nothing to write home about. I thought the bread could have been toasted; definitely tasted like something was missing.   Drinks were mainly beer and carbombs the whole night, it being St. Patrick's Day and all. Normally carbombs are in a huge glass of Guiness and you drop a full shot of Jameson with a touch of Bailey's but this came in the smallest cup you could imagine. It was like one of those cups you get on an airplane filled with Guiness and a quarter sized shot of Jameson with the Baileys. WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?! I'm not a fan of carbombs (I'm lame, I know) but that was such a rip-off!  The only reason I had a good time was because I was in good company, other than that there really isn't much else to say about D'Arcy McGee's. I don't really get how this place is called a PUB when they are out of fish and chips and serve their IRISH carbombs in airplane drink cups!
This was based on my experience last Saturday for St. Patrick's Day. A friend was at another bar in North Scottsdale with live music and a $10 cover, but we opted to head to D'Arcy McGee's as it was closer to home, no cover, and also boasted of live music. Cut to scene..... We expected it to be crowded, as it should be on days like this, but service and quality shouldn't be lacking or otherwise what's the point? Surprisingly the hostess seated us right away, which was a delightful surprise. Flip that around though, that it took our server a good solid 10 min to acknowledge our existence. After apologizing she was friendly and polite and did check on us if we needed anything, but she failed the water glass test. Beers were horribly flat, was something wrong with the tap? Screwing up beer at an Irish bar on St. Patrick's Day is blasphemous. Our fish and chips tasted like they opened up a box of Gordon's and stuck it in the oven, and the few chips on the plate weren't worth the calories. Oh, did I mention there was no music?  Our experience didn't make me want to come back on another night.
I couldn't agree more with the other reviews about this place being over priced. I came here for the Road Runner Sports Adventure Run After Party.  The 4 of us sat down and wait for a few mins before we had to ask for a server.  A few minutes later the girl came over and greeted us and took our drink order. Shortly after that we ordered and the food came out promptly.  I ordered the chicken sandwich which had about a deli slice of grilled chicken breast on it.  I immediately returned it to the server and asked she take it off my bill.  What a rip off!  After that we had asked if she could take our picutre and she said 'no' not right now.  I understand she was busy, but her delivery of 'no' was awful.  We called a manager over and she made some excuse that they were short staffed, etc etc.  They were nice enought to buy us a round of drinks.  No apology from the server.  It was forgettable and hopefully Road Runner re-thinks where they do their after party next time.  ugh!
*Open*Open*Open*  Apparently, Lis Doon Varna was supposed to open in March.  It is now July.    There isn't any information provided on the building as far as an estimated opening date.  The website just has pictures of construction.  No information at all.  Maybe I am overly anxious for a new non-chain restaurant, but I really do believe it has been years that this has been in progress...  Will re-review once it opens...
Last week in an attempt to give Lis Doon Varna another try, I dragged my husband and my best friend in from out of town there. It was a Sunday evening, about 6 o'clock and while the parking lot looked full the actual restaurant had over half of their tables empty. That being said the hostess told us it would be a 10 minute wait. That would of been fine if it hadn't turned into a 25 minute wait and the same hostess kept disappearing. About 5-6 other tables came in after us and were all given the same quote on wait time.   I completely understand on being short of servers or a back up in the kitchen, but management needed to step up and help out the in experienced host staff. A lot of people walked out that evening and I am sorry to say I was one of them.
I'm generally a big fan of the English/Irish Pub restaurant.  I love the shepards pie and the type of fare that can only be supplied by this type of restaurant.   However the last couple of time's that I have been there, there was just nothing to get excited about.  We recently went for a late lunch there and the food was really just adequate.  They didn't seem to have a lunch special menu like the sister store, Rula Bula does and the shepard's pie just wasn't top of the line.  I went there recently after dinner with a friend who hadn't had dinner.  He enjoyed his steak salad which he commented was the first thing he had enjoyed there in the last several times he had been.  He did have some sort of little bug in his cider tho.  I had a small salad and although it was good they put it on a tiny plate that basically let the greens just drop on to the table.   We were the only table in there on a monday night around 8:00.
I know, you're expecting a bloody fine review for a true "Irish" pub.  Sorry, Lis doon varna doesn't get it from me. !) too cutesy a name...2) a so-so Irish menu.  The fish and chips was pure USA.  3)The wait staff is poorly trained - and we've been there twice and experienced the same service both times. 4) That's not surprising, having met a very poor people-person posing as a manager.  In Ireland (been there 5 times for 13 weeks total) the better publican is usually a very good politician, greeter, kidder....the kind of person that makes you want to come back tomorrow.  But Phoenix is not an Irish town, so I'll keep looking without expecting much.  Oh, Kevin, you're so right.  Absolutely no soul!!!!
The tables are barely taller than the seats in the front bar seating area, and so this means the table height is barely at your leg level.  Now, look at your legs, add 2-3 inches of height, and imagine trying to eat off a plate that is essentially resting on your legs.  They made this retarded mistake when the place first opened over a year ago, and when I first visited here the bartender thought they were going to fix it.  Nope.  To make matters worse, the leather ones (such as the one in the corner with the square cubby hole) are puffy and slant forward, so you feel like you're sliding forward into the table that barely allows room for your legs.  These flaws are so obvious that there's no way in hell that a lot of people haven't complained about it, and apparently they've stubbornly choose to stick with the mistake, even after a year.  Irish pub owners stubborn?  No way.  $5.50 for a pint of ale is on the high side, and food prices are within normal range.  I've had 3-4 different menu items, including several apps, and there's nothing terribly special here.  There is an Americanized feel to the entrees, and I was a little disappointed to see that the artichoke/spinach dip is served with 5 or 6 boxed crackers for dipping.  Visual appeal of the place from the outside and inside is quite cute, and the Irish theme is more than obvious (except that there were fairly few snugs compared to most Irish pubs).  Service was below average.  On multiple visits I get that "you're lucky we serve you here" feeling from the staff.  No, Lis Doon Varna, you're not that special.  Drop the attitude.  With The Auld Dubliner opened up just down the 101 at Northern, there's little reason to go back to Lis Doon Varna.
We went for lunch.  We've been to Rula Bula in Tempe and Auld Dubliner in Peoria..both were much better than Lis Doon Varna.  I ordered corned beef melt...very salty, on a chabatta roll no less..not very irish. Husband ordered bangers and mashed...he said the bangers tasted like a bratwurst not british bangers. The atmosphere was nice..may be a good drinking place..not happy with the food.
I am tired, really tired of spending and being disappointed.   We came for dinner tonight.   Mike, Mer~, Gus and I were the eaters of note.   Mike had the lamb stew, it was over salted and peppered and he left half of his meal, he never leaves food on the plate.   Mer~ had the Shepherds pie which was to have Angus beef carrots peas and parsnips with fresh herbs, Of course topped with the mashed potatoes.  What she got was a whole lot of potatoes and a small side of peas with a speck of beef. Truly underwhelming with poorly portioned ingredients   Gus did not enjoy his meal of Beef pie with puff pastry crust. Tough dry beef with no flavour other than salt, the pastry top was not fresh as it was difficult to cut let alone eat.   I had the one good dish of the evening; the Pork shank. It was cooked well and tasted fine.   The restaurant/bar is ok I guess. No real feel of Ireland; more like what an American might think of Ireland. It is just too contrived to feel authentic even if the pieces are from Ireland.   The music was much too loud. Most pub - restaurants in Ireland when music is played real folks are doing it and often the folks join in. Here it is just too loud to hear your companions talk.   The wait folk seem like there is no real interest in being there. It is like, ok I am here what do you want.   Other customers at the bar were Americans acting like they expect folks at an Irish pub would act. Loud and obnoxious. Most customers in Irish pubs enjoy themselves with a bit more decorum.   Overall the experience sucked with one bright spot, my meal. I never felt I left Arizona either.
I gave this restaurant a rating of three stars in June 2009, which was really too high then. I am only disappointed today that there is no Yelp rating below one star. My wife and I have officially scratched this poorly managed restaurant off our regular list of restaurants. Since we eat out 7 nights weekly, we know good food and good service when we see it. A short time ago Lis Doon Varna tried to int ice early diners with a half off appetizer for early diners around 5pm. We went in last week and asked for the half off deal at around 5pm and our waitress told us the new policy was that we had to buy two alcoholic beverages to get the half off deal. Being a regular, with a history of good and poor experiences, I contacted management by email to give them a chance to correct this poorly thought out discriminatory policy but they choose not to respond back. On too many occasions, we have noticed that this restaurant is just poorly managed with little regard to the people who pay the bills. They have gotten our last dollar.
Comments in the older review still apply, except for now they have a happy hour, but you may get somewhat shafted like I did.  I simply asked if such and such beer was "on the happy hour" and the reply was "yes".  So I ordered this beer a few times, plus an appetizer, and then my cheque arrives - FULL PRICE.  Guess what... if you just order the beer by name, you don't get the happy hour price & size (16 oz).  Instead they serve you the 20 oz. at full price, without bothering to tell you that you're paying full price, EVEN WHEN YOU JUST ASKED ABOUT A BEER ON HAPPY HOUR.  Thanks for making this review an easy one, and I'll be sure to note this experience to my friends who like to go for pints of Guinness on occasion.
We had a few pints and some appetizers.  The appetizers were alright, but nothing special.  However, they were extremely overpriced.  This place is not worth the bill.
RT O'Sullivan's was decent, but forgettable.  I can't even remember what I ate there.  I do remember that the service was decent, but I DID have to wait a little too long for my beer and food.  I didn't have much time before my class started so I was getting a bit anxious.  Overall, it was okay.  I probably wouldn't go back there again.  I only went there the one time because of the hype it receives.  Meh, Hype is over-rated...
I'm gonna have to disagree with Mandi on this one. RTO Sullivan's is misleading and disappointing. You think you're heading into a cool Irish Pub, but it's more of a trashy Mesa sports bar with horrible music and a generic and bland atmosphere.   The people are the worst thing about this bar. It's ok if you go with a huge group of friends, but if you're just dropping by it's like a trip to a trailer park.   The only redeeming qualities are the good happy hour menu and the leprechaun in the ladies' room.
This was the only place near my house that had the Bears games on the big screen, so I have gone several times.  Put it this way,.. this year I shelled out the $ and got DirecTV so I didn't have to go to this dump anymore.    The service was pretty decent, but the food was wildly inconsistent and mediocre at best.    I've had a decent cheeseburger there, but I've also had one of the worst burgers there.  One time the wings were ok, the next time I could hardly eat them.  Once I ordered a breakfast burrito, which was actually really good but the salsa tasted old and almost bad and the country potatoes were definitely straight out of the fridge and undercooked.  They had $2 Coors, but that was about it people.  Don't eat there if you don't have to!
Went here Saturday night with 8 people after a conference at MCC (nearby). We wanted to talk and many of us hadn't seen each other for months, but we should've checked. See it was fight night and the speakers were TURNED ALL THE WAY UP! I am not talking about loud, but I am talking that I personally could not hear my friend sitting one foot away. We were very annoyed and almost canceled our order. We asked the waitress to ask the bartender to turn it down just a little (the fight hadn't even started yet!) and he said NO. We were not happy, ate and left quickly.  A few other notes. The beer selection has become very limited. Fat Tire, Kiltlifter and few "Irish" beers, but the Cork Burger and Mac&Cheese were awesome.  If you want football, they have it. Opens at 9am Sundays for NFL & each area features a different game. The booths have TVs on booth (come early!) and the fans are really fun.
Had an hour for a beer, some grub and a chat with my guy. The server said "that's a good question" when I asked what kind of San Tan Brewery beer they had on tap. When I pointed out on the menu that it said to ask the server what San Tan was on tap, she restated "that's a good question"! I suggested perhaps she inquire to find the answer to my good question.The beer was good.  Ordered appetizers that never came. Although several servers wandered around aimlessly, trying to deliver us wings we didn't order. (3x). It was so loud that we couldn't talk. There is nothing Irish about the place but a few Guiness signs. Sit by the door and you too can smoke the cigars from the patio people, whether you want to or not.   It is new so maybe we will try again in a few months but probably not.
My decided to go there in Friday night. The place was empty. We arrived at 830 and had to seat ourselves on the patio because the hostess was not there. The waitresses outside, who kept looking our way, didnt bring us over a menu or take our drink orders until 9. Finally we got to order our drinks which never showed up. Finally at 920 we decided to walk out. With the economy how it is and with the amount of traffic there one would think they would be starving for our business. That obviously wasnt the case.
I come here often because my bf likes to watch the wrestling events and I like to watch my Dallas Cowboy games. The wrestling event would cost us around 40 bucks at home and that doesn't include food, so our best option is going out to watch it.   The food is actually really good. My issue is with the service. I have had some good servers here but for the most part they pretty much suck. Maybe they are really busy, but my guess is they don't care about pleasing us because they get to add 15 percent gratuity regardless of what we want. They have no incentive to be good servers. This is an issue and should be changed. You don't get free refills on soda which is understandable but if you order a meal you should at least get one free refill. It's a little ridiculous of you ask me.   I asked for a side of mayo and watched my burger get cold as I waited for 15 minutes to get it. The crappy part is the fact that my server came to my table at least 2 times without it, she had to have noticed that my burger was untouched and my bf's was gone. That my friends is generally not giving a damn!   Will I be back. Yes. Bc it's still cheaper then ordering at home. They win. I lose.   the end.
A four star place if you're just going to watch sports as it is comfortable and nice inside.  Service is good.  You get your own smaller t.v. if you get a booth.  The food?  It's just really bad.
Worst staff and manager ever! My girlfriend and I were harassed by a few drunk men and the manager could care less. He told us he would ask him to leave instead kicked us out and said we needed to leave. Wtf! It was actually mind blowing.
First time I went there I ordered a Reuben and was it was served with roast beef, the waitress and manager insisted it was corned beef.  The table next to us ordered a Reuben and the same server told them they were out of corned beef.  I was refused a refund or another menu item.  The server had the audacity to ask why we didn't tip her when we paid the bill.  This type of service I have found typical of many Madison restaurants, the owner is never there and the place is staffed with teenagers.  Second visit I was dragged along with some employees for Taco Tuesday, for the price it was decent but I won't go back there.  S K I P   T H I S   P L A C E.
My mom and I went there for St. Patrick's Day and had a very bad experience. We arrived around 11:30 and the place was starting to fill up.  We were the first two on the wait list. The host did not notice there was an empty table and went to clear it after we pointed it out. It was a booth, and the host insisted on sitting my mom and I "family style" with two strangers, as the wait list was starting to grow. We didn't like that idea and said we'd wait for a smaller table to open up. The host grunted, started walking toward the booth and promptly turned around and yelled at us to follow her. We decided to leave. We understood that St. Pat's day is probably an unusally busy day for them, but we were treated very unprofessionally.
I went here for a couple after work drinks and a quick bite to eat with some friends. It was very meh. We were there around 6 on a Tuesday and the place was pretty dead. The happy hour drink specials were alright, but nothing spectacular. My friends only ordered beers so I can't comment on how strong they make their drinks.   I had a cheeseburger with waffle fries. The burger was decent. The bun was nice and the meat to cheese to bun ratio was good. The waffle fries were very disappointing. There seemed to be more batter than potato or something and they were overly crisp and dry. They were supposed to be seasoned as well, but I couldn't taste anything special.   The bartender was friendly, but when we moved to a table to eat, the waitress was a bit over attentive. I get that the place was slow, but you don't need to ask us every 2 minutes if we are ready to order and then reach across in front of people still eating to remove other people's plates.
A bar like O'Grady's is what happens when a drunk makes the misguided decision to open a bar to support his habit: bad food, poor service, overpriced beer and an overall indifference to customers.
So much hatred for this place!  I though, will always know it as the first place we ate when we visited Madison.  It's definitely a hole in the wall, though by the signage all over the place, I could envision it getting pretty busy on the weekends and at night (we went for a mid-week lunch at 2 o'clock in the afternoon).  The food was OK - I had a salad and we tried fried cheese curds for the first time.  It's just cheese, apparently, that's been fried.  Somehow I had been expecting more.  Unfortunately, the service was not great.  There were about 4 tables worth of people in there, and it still took forever to get everything.
I had the special (a chicken sandwich) and it was okay.  I've only been once and it seemed a little pricey...but I could be wrong.  I will probably head back sometime though.  Good place to play Trivia on Tuesday.
OMG...the service was HORRIBLE.  The food mediocre.  The server was NOT busy.  Stopped by for sandwich on Sunday mid afternoon...so not busy.  There was one one other table besides ours.  We ordered club pub sandwiches.  The order came up and sat on the hot table while our server texted and talked to co workers.   She finally served us, without napkins or flat ware.  I had to go to these bar to ask for napkins and a knife.  OMG, "here you go, I will give you a knife AND A FORK..." novel concept!  Then we requested a diet coke, and because she was so BUSY texting and talking on her phone, Moshe forgot.  We sat there for at least 25 min before she came back to the table.  The other party wanted another glass of wine, but she never came back to check so needless to say, we got no diet coke and not another glass of wine.  Upon finishing our sandwiches, she stated oh, I guess you are done.  Never asked if we wanted anything else (I wanted another glass of wine, my companion still had not received her diet coke), but we chose to leave since she was so BUSY on her phone texting and calling other people.  She offered to give us a "go diet coke", but never addressed the additional glass of wine.  I will NEVER go back again.  Don't know if they changed management or what, but the place and service SUCKS.  GO SOMEWHERE that is reputable and good service.  They employ the s um of the earth with more ink on their body than on the menu!
Am still trying to get the metallic taste of the special meatloaf out of my mouth.  I would never eat at this craphole if you paid me.  Ugh.  Anyone who posts a positive review of this dump has no taste buds.
PLEASE IF YOU ARE GOING TO CALL YOURSELF A $#$#@#$ IRISH PUB, SERVE IRISH FOOD ON MORE THAN JUST WEDNESDAYS. THANK YOU.  Also - our server did not know ANYTHING about the menu. Her exact words were, "I don't know anything about the food, I just serve it". All I asked was if their ravioli were made fresh or frozen, and my fiance' asked if their French fries still had the skin on them. She didn't know the answer to either question, and she didn't offer to go find out.  Thankfully, I avoided the ravioli, but my fiance' ordered the fries anyway... and they came - with skins on.  So I ordered the rib eye, rare... it came perfect. Ordered with it, a bowl of clam chowder (was home-made, yes, but under seasoned & tasted like a cream soup with clams instead of a clam chowder). I took a side of fresh fruit... what I got was 1 slice of pineapple... 2 slices of cantaloupe that were not ripe.. and 2 dried out orange slices... quite depressing.  My fiance' ordered the grilled cheese w/fries - again, fries came with skins on, so she had them sent back and asked for the fruit... she got more pineapple than I did, but her orange slices were dry, and her cantaloupe was not ripened enough.
We went on a fairly slow Tuesday night, early-ish, for half-price wings and a couple of pints. The waiter was friendly when he was actually around, but after taking our order for wings he disappeared and served the patio crowd, despite the fact that we were the only sit-down table in the pub. We didn't see him again until well into our time there; I had to go up to the bar and ask for blue cheese dip and celery/carrots to go with our wings.  Failtes is also known as being a very authentic Irish pub with a great atmosphere, but the music piped into the place was awful. Nickelback and something that sounded like heavy metal. At one point it seemed to switch onto some loud spoken-word Dave Chapelle comedy bit, replete with gross language ("you m------f---- b----! f--- you, n-----!") that went on forever. Who wants to hear that in a pub?   The wings themselves were pretty good; nothing to write home about and certainly not on par with any wings chain in town. The veggies were limp, a bit spongy and cut very thin, while the blue cheese dip had no actual cheese in it and tasted like bottled salad dressing. The real kicker? Despite the dip and veggie sticks being on the menu as included with all wing orders, we were charged $2 for them on the bill. When I asked a staff member why we were charged for something that was to be "served with" the wings, according to the menu, he said that since it was half-price wings night they charge for it as an extra. This little "extra" wasn't mentioned anywhere on the menu or on any wings-related signage in the pub. What a gouge!   I hope my $2 was worth it - after that experience I won't be back, nor will my husband or any of the people I've told about it.
Maybe I went there on an off day. Maybe there were new kitchen staff. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. Or maybe it's just me. I have no idea... but I can safely say I had one of my worst dining experiences, ever, at this restaurant.   Every review I've ever read for this place has said that the restaurant is okay, if not pretty good.   They must not have had the food I had. The Sheppard's Pie was the worst I've ever tasted. No joke, it tasted the way canned cat food smells. It also looked like canned cat food. I just thought since it was an Irish themed restaurant, it would have decent Sheppard's Pie. I was horribly mistaken.   Not only was the food bad, but it took 20 minutes to get our order in and hour or so for the food to come out. I would understand had it been busy, but seriously, there were MAYBE 3 other groups of people beside myself and the two others I was with.  Even if someone were to offer to buy me dinner there, I don't think I could ever go back.
Very disappointing - this is a great building and a great location however the food just plain sucks.  The drinks are extremely expensive as well....service is below par.
I have recently moved to Madison and was excited to try out an Irish Pub. Unfortunately, for the experience that I had I will not be returning:   I was with a large group of people on a Friday night around 4:30pm and asked if there was an area where we could sit to grab some drinks and possibly appetizers. We were told we could go over by the fireplace which we headed to. Once we sat around the fireplace, we saw we were much too large of a group to be able to communicate with each other in that small of an area. As we looked around the empty room, we saw a server and asked if we could sit at the open tables. She kindly agreed and we sat down. We wanted to order drinks from her but she said if a tab is started at the bar it has to stay there and cannot be transferred (which is a whole other issue I could go on about). . .   Anyway, the server was very kind and we ended up ordering some appetizers from her and starting our own tabs with the server. Just as soon as the appetizers arrived, the manager came over and said in a very condescending voice, "I am sorry we can not have you sit here. If you are ordering food that is one thing but if you are just drinking, then you are taking tips away from the server". We then had to leave the area and literally stand in the middle of the restaurant with food and drinks in our hands. The manager was not willing to accommodate us and gave us no suggestions as to where we could be seated to enjoy our time and food. After some of our group left because of this remark we found a large booth which was not going to be used for another hour. Perfect! That would have worked all along but this manager did not take the time to let us know. Dinner was never out of the question for that night but because of how she approached the situation, I will now never have dinner there. The server was a sweetheart and tried to ask her manager not to come over and speak to us but that clearly didn't work. Because of this unfortunate experience, our entire group has not been since and does not plan to.
I've been here twice and each time I've been very underwhelmed. It's a bit on the expensive side. The service has been so-so. But the atmosphere makes up for some of the price and service. The food on the other hand has been the low point for me. First meal: Corned beef and cabbage. I can make it cheaper myself at home ($13) and get a far bigger portion. Second meal: Buffalo wings, ribs, and mashed potatoes. The buffalo wing appetizer was by-far the hottest wings I've ever had, even though we ordered Mild. The ribs were dried out with TONS of sauce on them. The mashed potatoes though were on point.
Not much to say here.  I do have one suggestion.  Nothing makes for a crappy, overpriced cocktail like a $6 Jack and Diet served in a piss warm glass fresh out the dishwasher.  How about a cool glasses for your customers.  Also be attentive while tending bar.  I might want to be served another piping hot cocktail.  Shouldn't have to use a road flare to get your attention.  The place is clean and fancy.  Most of the clientele are stuffy business people, probably from Am-Fam.  Don't expect a humorous night out here.  Forget about single women. Typical Madison sausage party.    Positives- Open Mic once in awhile.  Clean, usually friendly staff (but slow and inattentive)  Ok place to visit if there isn't any other choice.
Back to poor service.  The food was ok, not worse than before but the experience was dreadful. A coupe seated after us got their good, bill, paid, and left before we were midway through our meal. Waiter was barely around.  Yes they have large groups but all that says to me is that the management is poor and they do not know how to schedule staff.  Service was so bad the waiter got $0 tip.  We will not be going back here for quite some time, once again.  Shame too because they are the only place I know of that has banoffie pie.
The worst service I've ever had.  I went there for lunch on a weekend.  It was reasonably busy, but not overwhelmingly so.    First, they seated us, brought coffee, and vanished.  Turns out they'd seated us in a area reserved for a private party, and when said party arrived, they had thus forgotten we were there.  Oops.  But forgivable.  So we were moved to another spot.  Where they took our order and then disappeared.  Again, apparently forgetting we were there.  At that point I was ready to leave, but part of me just wanted to see where this went.  I mean they forgot me!  Twice!  Hunger and curiosity overwhelmed my better instincts.  After tracking down another waiter, we got moved *again*, and our food was re-ordered and this time actually arrived.  It was...okay.  Nothing spectacular.  Certainly not worth the 90 minutes of trouble.  Our waitress apologized for all the inconvenience and offered us comped desserts.  Okay.  The desserts never came.  Nor did our waitress ever return.  I flagged down ANOTHER waiter, who said that we could just leave our payment.  I mentioned that we'd never actually seen a check - or our waitress - since our food arrived.  Turns out she'd closed out and left for the day.  It took a manager to re-open our check and figure out our bill.  I probably could've left without paying and nobody would've noticed, but I'd never forgive myself.  We FINALLY got our check...  ...and the desserts weren't comped, as they promised.  Total time for lunch: 3 hours.  Total number of times our waitstaff forgot we existed: 3.  Once is annoying, but forgivable.  Twice is hilariously bad.  THREE TIMES?  I may be forgettable, but I wasn't the only one at the table and my companion was wearing bright colors.  Never going back.
I was here towards the end of March with a large group for a rehearsal dinner. The menu wasn't the standard one posted online, but one put together for the party. The appetizers were pretty standard, fries, poppers, etc. Dinner was a pasta primavera, and it was mediocre. The noodles were over cooked and almost mushy, the sauce was red and lacked any flavor until it was covered in salt & pepper and there weren't many veggies in the dish, there were maybe 1 piece cauliflower, 4 pieces of broccoli and 8-10 olives. It wasn't that great and I ended up eating the bread and skipping the pasta dish.   The place is beautiful inside and the wait staff friendly and helpful. I probably won't go back unless it's for drinks.
This place had a nice and clean atmosphere, but the food sucked. My wife had the Guinness beef stew and she hated it. I had the trio salad. The seafood salad was minced to almost liquid and the chicken salad was made with canned chicken. The lettuce was going old. The amount they are charging, the meals should be more quality. If I returned it would be for a beer, but nothing else.
It was next to our hotel, looked better than what they offered. I have been to better Irish Pubs with better food authentic food selections. It was nice, clean and large restaurant.
This place would have been great in the early 1980's when restaurants really did not understand food
I had dinner here with two other travelers while on business in Madison.  The parking lot was completely full, and so I had high hopes for a great dinner.  When we got parked and inside, we found that the restaurant was hosting a few Christmas parties (the layout for the parties looked nice).  The restaurant itself is really beautiful - it is decorated in dark colors like you would expect from an Irish Pub, but still very bright and clean.  I had the Kelly's Top Sirloin with Rosemary Glaze (sauce recommended by our server).  I ordered medium rare, and it came out rare (and less than rare for some bites).  The Rosemary glaze was pretty good, but the sauted vegetables were really bland like they were from the freezer section of the grocery store.  I ordered the Guinness Chocolate Cake for dessert - it was really disappointing, dry and pretty flavorless.   The bright side of dinner was that the beers were cold and the atmosphere was nice.
Went to Erin's on a Friday night with friends for dinner.  Atmosphere is very nice, but the food was just above average, and the fish fry $13.99 is about $2 more than competitors.  I ordered the petite filet which was cooked well, but the place was so incredibly loud we couldn't hear our server, or one another talk.  After asking, the manager moved us to a booth which was somewhat quieter, but we still had a hard time hearing conversation at our table.  If you like loud, this is your place; but don't plan to converse with your tablemates during a busy time.  Overall, I would like to try this place for lunch or another time when it's perhaps quieter.  My bill for 2 drinks and an entree $36; with tip - $45.  Overall I was very disappointed.
Met up there with friends for happy hour.  We checked in with the hostess, told her we wanted to do happy hour and she told us to just grab a table in the bar area.  We waited 15 minutes while servers passed us by in the un-crowded bar before we finally flagged one down.  She seemed surprised that we wanted service and told us we needed to check in with the hostess.  We told her we already did and she told us to sit at any table in the bar.  The server didn't seem like she believed us as she kept repeating that the hostess had to seat us if we wanted service.  Finally, she offered to get us a server.    The server showed up to our table a few minutes later and gave us one menu and one drink menu for the four of us and then left without a word.  Needless to say we left and went elsewhere.
I have just been to this Irish Pub with 3 friends for breakfast and it was an underwhelming experience. The server was slow and forgot parts of our order which meant one of us was waiting while the others were eating.  The food: Eggs ordered over easy were cracked with the yolk leaking Hash browns were mixed with overpowering onion 'Irish' sausages were unimpressive (here's a tip Murphy's Law, buy your bangers from Sprouts)  Perhaps it's because it's a new business but the basics of a decent breakfast shouldn't be that hard to master. I actually like the look and feel of the bar and will probably be back for a few pints and a Shepherds Pie but I would suggest you go elsewhere for breakfast .
Fair play to the owner who contacted me to make things right the next time I visit. With that kind of attention to customer experience I am sure this place will succeed.
First time I went (opening night) there was no Guiness on tap.OK, no biggy. Second time I went the fish and chips was really salty.  It happens, I'll live. Third time I went it took a loooong time for service and they were not busy. I guess somebody didn't show up for work.   Fourth and last time I went I walked in and they were playing really loud head banger music.  Like when you walk into a place before they open and the cleaning guy is cranking AC/DC   I turned around and walk out.   I think I will give this place a year or two to get it together before going back. Too bad because its on my way home.
I went with a group of ten or so ladies to celebrate a friends birthday.  I was not impressed.  The ambiance is fine, the alcohol is fine, the food is TERRIBLE.  I went starving to the restaurant.  Big mistake.  Being a vegetarian the options were slim to none.  I had several appetizers to choose from but everyting was fried, greasy or with cream.  I understand it is a bar and they serve bar food but the variety of anything what-so-ever healthy was just not there.  I ended up getting corn bread.  It came in a skillet with whiskey butter.  The butter was interesting but the corn bread was just dry and tasteless.  I thought from reading the menu it had chilies and corn in it but I didn't see or taste anything like that.  I picked at it and then gave it to the other ladies at the table.  Now I am STARVING.  They offer not one single vegetarian item on the main menu.  NOTHING.  Not a grilled cheese, a veggie burger, NADA.  I thought that is weird.  Plenty of people I know these days don't eat meat.  Ah well, that left me with ordering a dessert to fill my tummy.  I asked the waitress what she recommended.  She said the bread pudding is fabulous and her favorite.  I thought it was terrible.  Really yucky.  No flavor and the scoop of vanilla ice cream on top had ice crystals in it.  It tasted worse than a store brand ice cream with freezer burn.  Ick.  I ate a couple bites and didn't finish that either.  I would never go to this bar/restaurant hungry again.  The food in the establishment will never pass these lips.
I leave Chandler for a few years, and it turns to Scottsdale.  Being a fan of Chandler bars like the Pecos Lounge and ... well ... the Pecos Lounge, I was shocked to see this sqeaky-clean, themed, yuppie bar in a neighborhood that used to mean death for white people.  As my drinking buddy noted, "I know it's an Irish pub, but do they need to beat you over the head with it?" Green backlit alcohol displays, racist comedy on the video screens, Shamrocks and green crap all over the place ... please stop.  Also, I hate when bartenders need refer to a video screen to place my order and give me a total. It was a gin and tonic and a whiskey Coke. You should be able to do that in your head, take my money and let me go have fun.
All right...  So I go to an "Irish" bar/pub for one reason and one reason only.  To have irish whiskey.  So when I went to Murphy's Law I expected to have some irish whiskey, it is an Irish pub after all.  So when I ask what types of irish they have I get the answer "Bushmills and Jameson"  Just regular old Bushmills and Jameson.  Not even the top shelves of each brand, just the boring old shopping at Walgreens brands of irish whiskey.    So I have a new "Irish" bar that I hang out at.  It has a way better and deeper selection of Irish whiskey.  It's called Fry's Grocery store.  I'll be getting my Irish on in the frozen food section.
What an experience.  It took 29 minutes from the time we sat down to get out lunch. The waitress had no sense of urgency until we found another server and the bartender to enlist some help.  We had our baby and 7-yr old with us, so the more time that passed the more out-of-control they got. It was quite agitating.  It took maybe 10 minutes for our drink order to come out.  The only thing saving this from a 1-star review is the food. The food was very tasty. We ordered wings, a chicken breast, and the cheese/tomato sandwich.  I was surprised that the waitress didn't even apologize for any delays nor did we hear from a manager.
hate having to do this but there has been a lot of changes at Murphy's in the last year, none of which I can report as being good. This place used to be consistently great with service and food but I'm sad to say it's not anymore.   Began earlier this summer when the food started being hit or miss. Some days it was the stellar food we all came in to have at lunch and other days... not so good. To the point that the last three times were bad and the large group of us haven't gone back and probably won't. The food thing came down to if a certain chef was working - if he was there, good; if not, bad. Started asking the waitresses and figured out the trend.   Fast forward to today and that chef has left and no longer works there. Which leads me to understand why the last 3 times in a row the food has been subpar. Like what makes a tomato hard? wasn't green or unripe but hard like... tough to cut hard. wtf? I don't know enough to know this is a reason the food has got worse but typically if you're looking to franchise you get different food vendors that can deliver the same type of food to your locations all across the country. So think frozen foods instead of more fresh stuff etc. I mean it makes sense. Also when you have a trained Chef quit whom made great food, and tailored to groups that wanted more expensive off the menu lunches and catered for local businesses & events... something's up. I can only assume it was the quality in food and the new direction...   ... meaning... I also found out (chandler news and biz journal) that Murphy's is wanting to franchising and changing their name to Irish Republic and some of what's going on inside. Girls with slightly different garb... kilt's and knee-high's. etc. Not so much breastaraunt-ish but similar.  Trademark Info: http://www.trademarkia.com/irish-republic-public-house-85274024.html  Service... much like the food the service has gone down in quality. There never seems to be enough girls during what used to be the lunch rushes and an hour lunch quickly turns into 1:30 lunches waiting on fill-ups and food and the check. It's not horrible service, girls are nice and friendly, just slow.   In summary: We haven't returned in at least 4 weeks and it's just not an option when thinking of places to eat downtown Chandler anymore. From 5 to a 2 (meh i've experienced better).  I miss what Murphy's was - we all do.
Rip  off warning! This place has sure changed and not for better.  Warning that the happy hour appetizer while $5 vs $8 or so it is also about half the portion   total rip off!  Since when are happy hour appetizers smaller????
Soso food, bad service, $7 beers. Yet another "Irish" bar. Skip this one until they come under better management.
THIS PLACE WAS ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE. Avoid this place if you can.   I was visiting from out of town and we decided to stop and eat here for lunch.  It wasn't that busy, yet it took about 5 minutes to get a waitress to get our drink order. After we ordered our food, we waited THIRTY to FORTY minutes for our food. First of all, its a pub. The food we ordered was simple and should not have taken that long. We had to remind our waitress several times what we wanted on the side. Not only that, I just looked at my bank statement and they charged me over DOUBLE what I was supposed to be charged. This place SUCKS. not worth your time or money.
My family and I had purchased tickets online to attend the St. Patrick 's day festival and have a nice lunch at the pub.  When we arrived, we decided to go to the festival first, right at Noon when it was scheduled to open.  Mass chaos with pre-purchased tickets, designated driver tickets and wristbands.  Waited until 12:40 and the festival STILL wasn't opened.  We asked for a refund on the festival tickets, and wanted to go eat at the pub for a nice, authentic Irish meal.  Once we arrived at the pub, we were informed that no one under 21 was allowed in today.  That was not on ANY of the festival information - flyers or website!  The whole event was disorganized; non of the management nor staff knew what to do or expect.
The VIP area for St Paddy's day party was a bust for the price. Limited drinks and very limited food
I've been to this place a few times when it was Murphy's Law.  I found the big screen TV's rather annoying and the staff indifferent.  The grilled wings are good but the nachos were horrible.  The beer selection is above average.   A friend of ours stopped in after the renaming.  She just ordered an Arnold Palmer but let's check the place out.  She said she had a horrible service and was never asked about a refill and after paying more for a while was finally handed a check.   My friend and I ordered drinks and split a fish and chips.  When it came time to pay the POS system was down.  We had to wait 20+ minutes with no offers of anything comped before being told that my order was $19 his was $8 and that they didn't know what tax was ut $31  should cover it..........  $4 tax on a $27 bill?  Seriously?  After waiting another 5min or so they finally calculated the tax for my bill, my friend gave them some money and told them to keep the change but was never given an accounting.    This is some of the worst service I have experienced.  The waitresses were indifferent and the bartender lacked knowledge of the beers on tap to begin with, but having to wait 30min for the bill and then being given no consideration is unforgivable.    I sent the place an email outlining my complaints with service 24 hours ago and still haven't received a response.  I will update if I do.
I never did get a response from the management on the horrible handling of the credit system being down.
This place has gone downhill cause of the owner
This is a terrible bar!  Terrible!  They drove out all of the good staff due to the owners insane rants.  They have a strange smell, their "pints" aren't, they are in undersized glasses to "look" like pints.  They are over priced, and the food quality has seriously suffered in the last year.  Save the trouble and go next door to san tan brewery!
The only way I would return to this pub is if I were drinking, only.  The only way I would order food here again was if it were 1:45am, I was drunk and the food was deep fried. We went here because of a Groupon I had purchased for beer samplers and apps.  We made the mistake of staying for dinner.  Our appetizer arrived with our dinner.  We ordered the "favorite" app which was chicken skewer something...basically dried out chicken breast on a stick.  Disgusting.  The meals were even worse, and I'm not a picky eater.  I could go on but I'll stop here.  Hopefully this is enough for you to NOT order food here.  Even the waitress agreed with me, she herself doesn't even eat the food.
Went here Saturday morning for some breakfast with my boyfriend, the bar/restaurant was pretty empty with only 1 or 2 other tables of people but we chose to sit ourselves outside on the patio. Our waitress was slow and had no knowledge about the specials on the board. It seemed to take forever for our food to arrive which seemed strange with the place being so empty. There were 4 or 5 other waitresses working this morning which seemed a bit much. They mostly stood around next to our table and talked about drunken nights out with friends and other pointless distracting topics. Our waitress was very friendly but was not attentive at all. The food was pretty good, I got the French (Irish) Toast and the portion was big, I couldn't even finish it. I would come back but maybe for a drink or two at the bar. The food is decent but I wouldn't sit through another meal service like that again.
Stopped at Irish Republic for a quick dinner with my wife and a friend on Saturday night. Food was good, beer was cold, service was as good as it could be for a bar with that many people in it.  Here's where the problem comes in - 3 Entrees for the table and a beer for me came to around $40 (pretax/pretip). Left my debit card for the balance and left cash as a tip. I check my bank statement today, and my debit card had been charged for $50.00 flat. I know for a fact that the bill wasn't exactly $50, so it was either changed after the fact or the waitress wrote her own tip on the tip line. Either way, that's shady and not acceptable in my book. Sent an e-mail to the manager, will update if i recieve a response, but I will not be dining here again.
I recently moved into the area, so my roommates and I decided to give this place a try. Everything minus the food was fine. I'm not much of a drinker, but the menu does include a lengthy and diverse beer selection.   The food is basically what you'd expect from a pub.  While the menu is a bit more extensive than similar places, the quality is about what you expect--mediocre at best.  But if you're not looking to eat, the atmosphere is nice for hanging out with friends, grabbing a beer, etc.  The servers are also friendly.  The day after going to the pub, though, I was very sick. I don't know if it's that my stomach can't handle a beer and hot chicken wings anymore, (must be getting old!) or if it was food poisoning. To play it safe, I'm definitely not going back for the food!
My friends and i went to Irish Republic on St.Patrick's day eve. It was by far the WORST service I have ever received at a bar. We waited no less then 20 min for a drink.  We thought our first server was horrible; she told us she was leaving and requested that we close out and open a new tab with the server  coming on staff. The new server appeared about 30-45 min later, after we flagged staff down. We spent a lot of money at this bar and WILL NOT be going back. Very disappointed by the ridiculously poor service here. To top it off, they only have 1 bathroom for women, with  absurd decoration. if I could rate this "bar" a zero, I would.
We visited at 8:30 p.m. on Friday, me and wife and 10 month old.  I always give the place an "out" if something's not right.  My wife and I got seated at a 2 top on the wall and the high chair placed between our table on the side.  When the old lady and guy paid their bill to the left of us were 28 open seats, all 4 and 2 tops.  To the right of us a 4 top and the dimwit hostess sat a 4 top there between us and another 4 top and I internally was pissed because we were so crowded the VERY friendly waitress was putting food on the table next to us.  The reuben was DYNAMITE, HVAC was not.  The front was open so we were "pitted-out" from fetid air.  The 4 top next to us was pissed they were sandwiched between us and another table and they didn't move they left.  The VERY friendly waitress waiting that table agreed with me the hostesses must be brain-damaged...OK, she said one is "new."  $5.50 french fries (straight fries) were a tad old, not crispy.  They did great on the reuben.  Maybe I'd give 3 stars if when I walked out 4 hostesses and waitresses and one guy weren't impeding our exit and didn't thank us and were talking about slamming shots.  I don't care about the 50 bucks, I care about the experience and a beer glass that was not cold, it was slightly warm.  We should have waited the 35 minutes for SanTan (this place was 30% full.)  I suspect this place is 5 stars to get hammered, but they miss some basics I learned as a waiter / bartender.  I cleaned crumbs off my seat - & 5 people yapping outside.
Came here late on a Saturday night with a group of friends to celebrate my birthday. Was so packed that most of our party had to stand, could barely move, and couldn't hear each other. The waitress was not very friendly and the drinks were not that great. My friend paid for me so I am not sure what the drink prices were like. Hubby also said he saw a few people actually smoking inside. Isn't there an ordinance for that? Needless to say, not my kind of place so we had 1 drink, paid, and went next door to San Tan Brewery. If you like loud, overly crowded bars with bad service, then maybe this is your place.
Irish Republic-  Since San Tan Brewery was to busy, I walked into this place - which was not busy at all- that was the 1st red flag... First impression was it smelled bad when I walked in - probably all of the musty $1 bills stapled to the wall. Nice HD tv's - 5 of them at the bar.  Bar was sticky and uncleaned - with wadded up paper napkins and an used glass in front of the bar where i sat - which the bartender never did bother to pick up.  Stella beer was not very cold.   Bartender did not know they had a chicken sandwich - he had to look at the menu. That should have been a warning to not order it I guess. The bun was good. The chicken was not seasoned - flavorless and full of connective tissue- no wonder the bartender never bothered to ask me how everything was... But only served a few fries - definitely not enough - ketchup bottle was sticky and empty. I ate half of my sandwich, drank half the beer and left.  I will not return there- and btw,  it takes quite a poor experience for me to rate a bad review.  They could definitely learn something about customer service, along with food quality.
IRRESPONSIBLE.  TERRIBLE.  ABSOLUTE JOKE OF A BAR.  Screw this place.  I already was pretty lukewarm on this joint, it's very mediocre, the crowd is kind of douchey, and the beers are expensive.  But my friends wanted to go on a saturday, so I joined.  I ordered one beer.  One.  ONE.  "Do you want to keep your tab open?' the bartender asked.  Sure.  Why not.  10 minutes later my friends say "This place kind of sucks [they're right], let's go!"  Hey bartender, can I close my tab?  "Sure, let me just find your card."  It's been 10 minutes.  One beer.  8pm on a Saturday, not 1am and mayhem.  Cant find it. "We're getting it for you." they tell me.  They're trying to act like they DIDN'T just lose my debit card.    Finally 20 minutes later they ask me again for my name and what it looks like.  Can't find it.  Keep looking in the same five spots over and over like it's going to magically re-appear.  Can't find it.    I'm so pissed at this point...I have no other way to pay for anything on me, when I go out I just bring my license and my card.  I need gas to get home.  I wanted to have a good night.  Nope, they ruined it.  I leave, tell them I'll be back in an hour.  Go to San Tan, where they don't lose cards after 10 minutes.  Go back to Irish Republic later.  "I dont know what to tell you man, it's like it just disappeared!"  I'm livid.  I'm probably being a dick to the guy that tells me that.  I tell him I have no money to get home now, because of their irresponsibility.  "Yeah we'll keep looking."    When I tell him he can probably call off the search because it's incredibly obvious that they didn't LOSE my card, they GAVE IT TO SOMEONE ELSE, he shakes his head.  "No that certainly didn't happen.  It's here man.  Sorry!"  In the morning I find charges I didn't make, at In-N-Out Burger and Joe's Farm Grill.  Now I have to dispute those.  Had to have someone loan me money to get home.  Couldn't enjoy my night out with friends.    This bar is a poorly managed mess and sucks terrible dick.  Don't go there.  Don't give them your cards.  Hell, don't give them your money, they might claim to lose it and ask you for more.    This place is garbage.  I'll be putting it on every form of media I know that this place can go straight to hell.
Place was OK. Great waiter, waitresses seemed great, atmosphere average. Bit of an odd crowd...a little of everything.   Had the Shepard's Pie...recommended and their spotlight dish. Pie had frost bitten/frozen taste, either the pastry on top or the peas, etc... Shepard's pie doesn't have cheese in it, does it? Where is Gordon Ramsey?   No homemade craft beers either. SanTan so much better and happening. Won't go back to Murphy's unless just for beers.
Well a new experience in customer service. I order a drink and wanted to pay cash.the drink was 5.25 plus tax so 5.73.. I gave a 20 and the waitress brings back 14..??? so I ask about the .27 cents. She said we don't give change..if its less than .50 no change if its over you get 1.00..Really its not about the .27 its the principle..Wow.. Sorry Roger but 2 times bad experience.. I give up
Came in from outta town, and a coupla friends insisted on bringing me here, even after I mentioned that I didn't wanna go anywhere noisy. Thankfully, we went somewhere else for dinner, and came here for drinks afterwards.  Centrally located in old town Chandler. Well, yes, and it was NOISY. I know that I shouldn't expect anything less from a bar, but just sayin...couldn't hear my friends talk.  So, my buddy and I order a coupla beers; I ordered a Belgian HOEGAARDEN, if only for the name!  My buddy's wife orders wine. After a solid minute or two of silence, she said that this was the absolute WORST WINE that she's ever tasted - like it was past its shelf life. We called the waitress over, who kind of implied that it was a box wine - enough said.   We stopped having fun, and left. Basically, if I was in town again, I wouldn't bother coming back.
It is a shame that I have to give an Irish pub one star, but after my last experience here I will never go back. I met a friend out one night for the typical laid back night of drinking which ultimately ended up turning into a long night of drinking and socializing. The only problem was that when we I got the bill there were tons of drinks on it that were not ours.   We had been sitting on the patio and anyone that we would talk with who randomly stopped by our table and ordered a drink, we would end up with the drink on our tab. We also had another friend stop by and get drinks and we actually watched him pay his tab, but there his drinks were at the end of the night. This service was horrible. The waitress wasn't willing to do anything about this to help us. Our bill ended up being nearly $300!!! Granted about 200 of it was ours between food and our drinks, but they were never able to explain the other drinks on our bill.   The next day I called the manager and he stated he would take a look at it and get back to me. He never did. I ended up eating the cost on this one and just chalking it up to a place that I'll never return to.   This happened a while back but since I am new to yelp, this experience was so terrible that I couldn't not give this place a review. I have to imagine that this has happened to several other people. I hope if you do make the poor decision to go to this place that you double and triple check your tabs.  There are so many better places to have a good time in Downtown Chandler stay away from this place.
Just alright. Used to be better. Wait staff nice but not really knowledgeable about the menu. Ok as a dive bar but don't count on great food or ambiance. I think they went downhill after they changed to the Irish republic format. Now they say they're Murphy's law again but still feels like a chain. No thanks. I'll go to san tan brewery instead.
You know that look you get from a waitress when you order something off of the menu that they think might be questionable? Well, I got that look tonight. I met my sister on the patio around 5:30. The patio is small but nice if it's not too busy. Stephanie was our waitress and she was very sweet, she had a great personality and I would definitely give her more like four out five stars but the food not so much. They do have a good happy hour on Monday and Tuesday nights from 2pm to 8pm so I will give them that. The app selection on the happy hour menu is quite slim however. We did decided to get the pretzels with cheese, the cheese is $2 extra which I honestly think is kind of ridiculous because pretzels and cheese should be a given. They were not bad, not great but honestly I could get a pretzel that is a million times better and much bigger a few feet down the way at a particular brewing co...  On to the entrees. My sister had asked before I had arrived what the waitress suggested off of the menu. She suggested the fish and chips hands down. I should have also heeded this advice but I was kind of craving a burger so I decided to take a chance and order one. I should have known right away that it would not be what I wanted when Stephanie told me that they did not have american cheese. I am an american cheese burger type of girl, cheddar just doesn't cut it for me. The look on our waitress's face when I ordered the burger was one of disdain. I know that she did not purposely mean to make the face but she did. I honestly wish she would have told me not to order it. It was not good, it was very bad in fact. Dry, tasteless, overcooked meat with a semi hard bun. I should have sent it back but I instead decided to suffer through half of it which is retrospect and a stomach ache later, was a bad idea. I did eat most of the sweet potato fries that came with the burger with the $2 cheese sauce that was left over from the pretzel. It didn't make up for the disappointing burger. My sister did enjoy her fish and chips and the tarter sauce did look good as well.  Overall I have come to the conclusion that this is a restaurant/pub that is very hit or miss when it comes to food. If you want to come here to drink and have an appetizer or two you might enjoy your visit more. If you come here to eat dinner, by all means do not get a burger and I would also suggest to avoid the sliders. Honestly, you can find a much better meal a few steps down the sidewalk. Most likely will not return. Stephanie, you did your best with the hand you were given.
So maybe our 1st mistake was trying this place out on Easter.  My fiance noticed in a paper they had an Easter brunch special with bottomless mimosa's and it was also my birthday so off we went.  My 23 year old daughter and her boyfriend joined us.  We sat inside and they did not seem that busy.  From the moment our server came over it was clear she did not want to be there.  She had a scowl on and was just not friendly at all.  I will say the nacho's are great and we all enjoyed them. My 2 stars is just for the nacho's. The brunch was just ok very average.  The mimosa's came very slow and our unfriendly server seemed irritated to even drop them off.  We were never asked if we wanted anything else before she dropped the bill off.  I just have to say I have never had a server completely ruin the experience for me but she did.  We all agreed she ruined it for us all.  towards the end she was giving off the GTFO vibe seriously.  It was so bad my daughter who is also a server almost asked her if she might be in the wrong industry.  I asked my fiance what our servers name was because I was going to include it but I don't think she told us and he said "miserable blond B...."  We love the downtown area but I am not sure we will try this place again.
It's such a shame that I have to give Murphy's only 1 star, because overall I like the place and wish that we had a better experience, but due to one employee, we will not be back... We stopped in today for lunch and my fiance ordered the chicken strips (which is the same thing he's ordered for the past 5 years that we've been going there), as usual he asked for extra dipping sauce (BBQ, Buffalo, and Jameson) instead of the ranch. Our server, who was actually very sweet, told us that she would have to charge us extra for the dipping sauce (which is bizarre because I've never heard of a restaurant charging for dipping sauce and we've never had an issue before). My finace proceeded to tell her that he's never been charged for it before and asked if she could double check on that.   Next thing we knew, Shae (the manager) "graced" us with her presence. I've never seen anyone be more rude to a customer... If only her delivery was slightly nicer I wouldn't be as offended as I am now... After arguing with her for several minutes she finally agreed to substitute the ranch for 2 dipping sauces, but no more than two. So my fiance settled for the BBQ & the Buffalo sauce.  When the order came out however, not only was he brought the ranch that he didn't want, he was also brought all 3 of the sauces he originally asked for. Which at first seemed like a great sign that maybe Shae had decided to change her attitude and settle on the fact that the happiness of her customers was more important than her urge to be rude and belligerent. But then we got the bill... Sure enough, Shae charged my fiance for each one of the dipping sauces.   When our server came back to collect the check, we asked her why we were charged after Shae had agreed to sub the ranch for 2 sauces. The poor girl got super uncomfortable, because unfortunately she was forced to play the middle man. So I told her that our issue was not with her, and to please bring Shae back to the table to sort this issue out.   When Shae approached she started mumbling under her breath and rolling her eyes, which is always a great sign that you're going to get the resolution you're seeking... So I pulled out my phone and started video taping the conversation in case she decided to pull the same type of attitude as she did the first time she graced our table. That seemed to get her to change her tone and she reluctantly removed the sauces from our bill.  It's a shame how one employee can completely ruin what could have been a wonderful experience. Owners - if you're reading this, please do yourselves a favor and find a new manager.
Made the mistake of stopping in again for a beer today.  Pitifully slow service.  We almost left and I wish we had.    They now have paintings of nude women!!!! Even more family friendly!
This review is strictly about the food... J.C.'s is a nice pub and is a fun place to hang out with friends...That said, the menu has been pared down significantly.  They used to have an awesome thatch (sp?) salad and more Irish breakfast items.  For "bar food" they are fine BUT I wouldn't drive to J.C.'s for the food.  My husband had the fish & chips.  He said the batter was "gross". I had their chicken tenders which use to be awesome  (they weren't your ordinary tenders) but now they are sadly, ordinary indeed.  The "chips" were nothing to write home about either... My husband ordered the apple crisp desert to go.  He thought that was the best part of the meal.  Our server was very pleasant and confirmed that the menu had been reduced.    I still prefer J.C.'s to Three Angry Wives atmosphere wise but if Fado's were still open, there would be no contest.
Pretty underwhelmed.  Service was pretty good and servers offered suggestions, prices are reasonable, however the food was a major let down to me.  I judge an irish restaurant by their corned beef and cabbage and this left much to be desired.  Corned Beef was dry, cabbage was a little undercooked, and I am used to the traditional mashed potatoes.  JC offers fried mashed potatoes and cabbage cooked with bacon.  While this experience wasnt horrible... I have had much much better.
I went there for their st. patrick's day kickoff, and it was terrible. I didnt eat the food, but I ordered a smithwicks and guinness black and tan. The bar tender sank the guinness, and left a head that filled half the glass... then tried to serve it to me. When I sent it back she made an excuse about the guinness coming from a new keg and she couldnt make me another one. Then when I complained again, she went to the back to talk to the person in charge. Out walks some Italian guido who tells me that this is how guinness is SUPPOSED to be poured. Being an alchy, ive probably had a pint at 200 different pubs between the UK and US, and i've never seen incompetence like this. How do you own an Irish pub if you cant even pour a proper pint? Never again will I enter this cheap excuse for an irish pub knockoff.
I've been here a handful of times.  If you are in the Rampart then by all means you should stop in for typical Irish grub and Irish beer...If I am heading out with an Irish pub in mind however, I am not coming here.
I went to this place when it first opened and many times thereafter. I also enjoyed some of the best Irish food to be had in Vegas at Wooloughan.  I went back a few days ago and what a surprise, remember this is supposed to be an Irish Pub, but it was and is no longer such a place. The new place has the same decor but that is where it stops,       The menu had a total of 5 Irish dishes on it. The rest were plain bar food, hot dogs,hamburgers, and stuff like that. I ordered potato soup leek soup and got a thin soup with TexasToast !. Asked for soda bread and was told they don't serve that any more.  I ordered corned beef and cabbage and got chopped cabbage,fried in bacon grease and sliced deli corned beef that was over cooked. It WAS AWFUL.       If you want Irish food, DO NOT GO HERE.
Still looks like a cool pub but the management has a knack of ruining the menu.  First, the took out the potato croquets... probably their most popular appetizer type item, they've switched up their bangers and mash with new bangers that aren't as good, they don't have soda bread anymore and now they got rid of the Franziskaner Hefe which is my favorite so I'm back to going to YardHouse to get it.  I used to like to come by here, place a few bets on a mon. night football game and watch the game to some Franz and irish food... but now I'm going to find somewhere else to hang out.
Man, I just don't like this place.  I've tried it 3 times now, and every time I leave disappointed.  The food isn't great.  It's an Irish bar, but their Shepherd's pie is bland!  That should be one of their specialties!  Tonight, I had a teriyaki chicken sandwich.  The chicken patty was one of those frozen ones that have the fake grill marks on it and the teriyaki sauce was so salty, I had to scrape it off.  And the drinks aren't that great a price, either.  My glass of house wine was $8!!!!  Also, the service just isn't there.  We waited at least 10 minutes for a waitress to come by, then heard the couple next to us ask for their check.  This is how that conversation went: "Hey, we haven't seen our waitress in a long time and need our check." "OK, what's her name?" "Ummm, I don't know." "Well, if you don't know her name, I can't get her." (umm, wtf?) "We just want our check." "I can't access other people's checks." "Can you just get a manager to give us our check?"  ...and the waitress walked away.  They were just left there, hopelessly waiting for their waitress to come back.  Just go somewhere else.
Worst onion soup I had (and it was part of a special), bad service, we never got the dessert (also included in our menu), the ribeye steak was very tough and the mixed vegetable consisted of a spoonful of peas with two thin slices of carrots. We aren't going back there for sure.
I'm struggling to find something redeeming about JC Wooloughans.  The bartenders were oblivious and when we did place our order it took 15+ minutes whether it was beer or a glass of water - while sitting at the bar.  We asked for menus, which took a while to get too.  So, when we attempted to place our order the bartender told us the kitchen just closed 5 mins ago.  Seriously, wouldn't that have been important info to share when we asked for menus?
The first time we ate here, it wasn't bad.  Tonight, however, I couldn't eat my food.  I ordered a corned beef sandwich, which came on rye with jack cheese.  I also ordered a small green dinner salad.  I was disappointed that the salad seemed to have only the "leftover" type lettuce found in the inside of iceberg lettuce, near the core.  Worse was the corned beef.  It had no flavor and definitely was not salty like it should be.  I told the waiter that the meat tasted like it had been sitting in water for 2 weeks.  He did not apologize, but said he would tell the "chef".  No one came to apologize and nothing was taken off the bill.  The sandwich was so bad, I only ate about 1/3 of it and left the rest.  Service was pretty slow.
This was our time there. We walk in not knowing what to expect. First, we were looking for a hostess counter or somebody to seat us. Did not see one nor any signs that said " Seat yourself". So, I immediately turn to you a lady that had dirty dishes in her hands and asked her, "Do we seat ourselves".....her response was " If you can find one".......rather rude. We then ventured in and found a table. After waiting about ten minutes, mind you there were no silverware or napkins on the table, the waitress appears and takes our drink order. That went well. She then takes our order which included an appetizer. Shortly, a server comes with our appetizer, potato skins, but no small plates for the appetizer, AND our meal??!! She asks, " Did you want the potato skins as an appetizer"? Of course, a little puzzled, we responded "Yes". The server says, " I'll keep your meal warm for you".....huh...what? After the appetizer, we are served our "warmed up" meal, which was, not surprisingly.....dried out from the heat lamp. Subsequently, probably won't return.
I arrived at about 6pm for dinner at the bar for myself.  It took about 10 minutes before someone came over to take my order even though it was not busy.  I ordered a beer (great selection) and the Angus Burger.  The beer was delivered promptly.  After 30 minutes, my burger and fries arrive.  I ordered the burger Medium and it came out quite well done and very dried out.  I was offered ketchup or a side of mayo to "help". The obvious question you just asked is, "Why didn't you send it back?"  A) I didn't want to wait another 30 minutes for a burger and B) by then a large group had arrived and the wait staff was in a frenzy. The fries were crisp, not greasy and not over salted. Very good.  Needless to say, I finished I the beer and fries, not so much the burger. Lower rating also due to the waitress showed no interest in being proactive with the food and was solely focused on boosting the drink orders. I even had to ask for the  check after sitting there for 10 minutes with my plate covered with my napkin.
Our group of 4 got yelled at by the tall male bartender because we moved from the bar to a table. He was yelling something about "bar etiquette". I wonder if it is proper "bar etiquette" to yell at customers like that and cause a scene. Table service was excellent, thank you Zana. Happy Hour beer prices are awesome, hard to beat $2.50 for a pint. They also have 4 food items for $5 during Happy Hour so we got good value for our money.   Overall, we had a good time; guess the lesson learned is to stay in one place when the tall male bartender is working, ha ha!
I judge a bar/restaurant by the drinks and food.  Happy Hour has great beer prices, but wine is $8.00 a glass and it's cheap wine.  My husband and I went there today because we wanted Corn Beef and Cabbage.  All I can say is that an Irish Pub should have good Corn Beef and it wasn't.  It was like think sliced processed lunch meat.  with a cream gravy on top, yuk.  They can afford to stock better wine for $8.00 a glass. and put a roast in the oven people.
Plain... We ordered the buffalo sliders and beef soup.  The soup was salty and the sliders were just buffalo wings n a biscuit :/
Worst place on the west side.  Bartenders don't know how to keep track of anything.  Charged me the same amount twice on separate debit cards.  Won't be returning
The same tall male bartender that others have complained about, is the same guy who charged me twice.  He scolded me and said I hadn't paid my tab when I knew I already had.  My phone was already dead so I had no way to show him I had already been charged.  I had a few drinks in me so I figured I could've been mistaken at the time so I gave him a different debit card for him to charge and noticed the following day the exact same charge on both debit cards.  That bartender is a joke.  Surprised they keep this guy around
I'll admit - Biddy Mulligan's would have been my archetypal stop about ten years ago, back when my liver was healthier and I had more interest in drinking and smoking than in much else. Now, sitting in the corner with the boy and a bunch of hammered university students, I can see the attraction... it's a great student pub. But if you're middle aged, sagging, and like drinking more for the taste than a pleasure akin to being on a ship in a storm, then bugger than, plenty of other opportunities. As for cheap, our two drinks came to a hefty 8 quid (with warm Magners at that...) - if that's cheap, then I'm glad I was a student in the 90's, and not the naughties or later.
If you're looking for good food in Grassmarket, you're crazy - it's Edinburgh's answer to Trafalgar Square. Just bad food all round. If that doesn't put you off, here's a review to do the job;  Typical dark cliche Irish pub tourist trap. More fool us for walking in (out of desperation and hunger and rain). The girl at the bar told us to sit at the back (in the pitch black) and someone would bring us menus. After 20 minutes of waiting - and having had the tables sprayed and wiped all around us, inhaling cleaning products, urgh - still no menus, waitress, attention or anything. So we left. The other 3 couples who came in and started waiting are probably still there... waiting for a menu. All the best gang, hope you packed a lunch!
Eaten there several times - been sick feeling after 3 of them. Not a clean place, service is slow and with the exception of a few beer specials the menu is overpriced ($8 for a dozen overcooked wings?)   Had hope for them to get better after they remodeled about a year ago but I won't be giving them another chance.
Been a regular here for more than ten years now.   We come by a few times a month usually for lunch or dinner but I also come with friends about once a week for a beer. I don't think of this location as a "dive bar" but more of a neighborhood restaurant.  I frequently see families with young kids dining at this establishment.  I used to say the Vine has the BEST french fries.  Lately they haven't been up to par AND they've been holding out.  Portions have decreased.    Most of the items on the menu are pretty good and they have set special every day of the week.  What I don't like about the Vine: *They charge for a ramekin of anything extra.  Really?  You have to charge me for buffalo sauce?   I swear it takes longer for them to approach the table, then you got another wait for them to bring the drinks.   I realize part of the fault could be the kitchen but the other delays are exclusively the server. We don't come here to watch the game or just drink a few beers, we come to enjoy a meal and then we our out of there.  Wish they had a better selection of beers on tap. Also wish they would put the races (drags) on when they're playing instead of multiple tvs playing assorted ball games.  Really, a little improvement with the service would be a welcome upgrade.
Poor management. 1 server 1 cook on a saturday. Would hate to work here. Upset customers.
Been here for many years but have seen a recent decline in quality service. Felt scolded by the bartender today at lunch. Felt disrespected as a customer. Service sucks stay away. "bad service = bad review"
Not clean. Poor service. Attitudes. Not helpful. Insensitive. Rude.   WACK
I was excited about trying food from this place...but it was a huge letdown for me.  I ordered some food to go and I did not care for it.  I ordered 6 bbq boneless wings and 6 traditional wings (medium sauce) with fries.  I also ordered a breaded tenderloin sandwich...which most restaurants don't have around here.  I am from the midwest so it is more popular there.  Anyway, the boneless wings were not good at all and they even gave me the wrong bbq sauce.  I have had better frozen wings from a grocery store.  The traditional wings were just average at best.  The fries here were below average.  The only highlight of this place was that the food was ready on time and they lady at the bar was nice.
Well I grew up in Tempe and always went to the vine! For starters, they have horrible customer service. You will rarely leave there feeling like the servers, hostess, or bartender went out of their way to make your experience better. You'll notice that the employees are all very fairly young... maybe this has something to do with the poor customer service? They take short cuts all the time! Especially when they are busy. Be careful on your To-go orders! If you get wings they will most likely be dished out to you cold. This has happened to me a few times when I dined in as well.   The Vine just has a 'whatever' feel to me. Honestly It's like going to Applebees but with worst service and less selection.   Pros: Decent bar food, normal service times, lots of TV's for sports viewing  Cons: Bad service, Rude staff, the kitchen let's cold food go out, cutting corners, horrible salads
Not a good place to go if they are busy.  Poor service and attitudes.  Don't know about the food as it never came.  We arrived there at about 6:30 pm on Thursday.  We were told 5 to 10 minute wait, no one ahead of us on the list.  After a 25 minute wait, I approached the host to tell him to take us off the list, we were going to leave.  He said a table just cleared, so we decided to take it.  Walking to the other side of the bar, we found 3 available tables and a booth (I don't understand this), so we took the booth.  It is now 7:00 pm.   The sever came over and within 5 minutes we had our drinks, and placed our orders (two of us).  My Guinness was empty in a couple of minutes and although the server walked by several time, I couldn't catch her attention for another, and she never checked in on us.  Finally, with no service at all, at 8:00 we left our table, I gave the host $5 for the soda and pint of Guinness, and told him we were leaving.  He said he would get our server, but after waiting a total of 90 minutes and only having a single Guinness, I wasn't interested in continuing with the same server.  The place is extremely loud, mostly small tables with lots of people crowding around them.  Parking was very limited and tight.  We live only a block away, but will probably never go back.
The service and attitude at this place is so bad, I hate to waste my time on a review.  I am a biker, and visit quite a lot of places.  This place rates near the bottom.  I am use to pubs being homey and friendly.  Didn't find it here.    In the survey I stated no waiter service, they were there, but not attentive.    There are better taverns in town...
First time here and ordered wings. I usually don't like mine hot (spicy) but when I got them they were cold. Warm in the middle and cold tips. The flavor was good and I could eat them fast but having parts of it half frozen was a big turn off. The waitress was pretty fast at taking our order and delivering our drinks.
Came here for a quick burger and a beer. We were disappointed. We ordered queso thinking it would be a white dip and it was velveeta cheese. Very unlike a restaurant. Our burgers were decent but very obviously frozen pattys. Service was slow. We won't be back!
Pros:  The best bartender in Phoenix, Jonie, is now at the Turf. It's not nearly as dirty as Seamus. The patio is nice.  Cons:  What's with the feeling that it is a music venue. The most empty space ever.  In no way do I feel like I'm in an irish pub. It would be better fitted in say, DC Ranch where old douches could hang out and feel "Irish" before they go home and bbq in the back yard while listening to Jimmy Buffett. There is no soul, feeling, or unique aspect of this place whatsoever.
Erin Go Bring Me my Check!  I applaud Seamus McCaffrey for taking it slow when opening his sister pubs (Rosie's and now Turf), but this pub near Sens, PastaBAR, and The Breadfruit has some serious deficits to remedy.  I took my Phoenix transplant friend, Katie C, for a late breakfast on Saturday around 11am before our trip to Downtown Phoenix Public Market.  Passing through the modest patio at the entrance to The Turf (Accountant), we entered a large open space with dark, wood paneling, polished metallic-speckled concrete floors, drop-down Starbucks-reminiscent glass lamps, and not a single visible patron to be found.  The glossy, just-opened cleanliness of the pub made it look like a miniature Yard House Restaurant: four flat-panel TVs displaying futbol and basketball, too far away to follow, too TV-ish to ignore, suggesting, "We are pub for a quiet pint...No, we are music venue (see the stage!)...No, we are a wee modest sportsbar."  Conflicted.  At the bar, I flipped through the menu to see if breakfast was still being served, and I was told by the bartender that the posted Sat-Sun-Mon breakfast hours of 7-10am had been extended to noon.  I mean, really, who's racing to the pub for breakfast before 10am on a weekend?  We chose a booth along a side wall and noted that the swirled, multi-green upholstery was either retro or contemporary or both. (Conflicted.)  When we sat down, the server at a nearby booth rose from her intimate conversation with a blond man and asked us for our drink orders.  Coffee and water.  After some deliberation and discussion of real Irish soda bread, Katie ordered the french toast and I ordered the Traditional Irish Breakfast, minus the meat (sausage or bacon; black and white pudding).  To her credit, the server said I'd be wasting money with that order and should order the simple eggs and hashbrowns and substitute in the fried tomato and soda bread.  I asked for poached eggs, but the server returned minutes later, saying, "We don't have poached eggs."  Okay, then, over medium.  Our breakfast arrived quickly; by now, only one other two-top was being served in the palatial pub.  The french toast ("Some of the best french toast I've had," Katie said) came with a giant ramekin of butter but no syrup.  We asked for the syrup, and at the end of the meal, Katie almost asked for the butter to-go; it was seriously an entire stick of butter.  My egg breakfast didn't have the side of fried tomato (a staple of English and Irish breakfasts), and when I asked for it, she brought two sad mealy tomato slices, unfried.  The soda bread was dense and dry and bland and dotted with four measly raisins.  Throughout the service, our distracted waitress (think: Reese Witherspoon + Jewel) was pleasant but forgetful.  She spent her time between tables sitting with the blond man in the booth, close-talking and smiling.  Was he another waiter or her boyfriend?  I joked to Katie that I should bring a girlfriend to my classroom and give her smooches in between the grammar lessons I teach.  She filled my water and coffee often, but her casual presence at the booth across from us blurred the lines of professionalism.  The bill for two breakfasts (including substitutions, which she didn't charge for) and a coffee was $16.  Very reasonable.  I guess we got what we paid for.  Katie noted that most people don't choose an Irish pub for their breakfast/brunch, but the Turf hardly tried, it seemed.  And with Palatte closing, I wanted to give Seamus a shot.    I will definitely return in the evening to have a $5.50 Imperial Pint of Guiness, but I will not return for breakfast.
Talk about disappointed.  I had high hopes for this place, what with its location and idiosyncratic name. But after an hour or so and a couple drinks, I couldn't get past the 'meh' feeling that was permeating both my inner ennui and this bar as a whole.  That's when it hit me.  Coldplay started to play over the speakers and I knew I had found the musical analogue for this joint.    Turf = Coldplay.  Trying to give you what want and failing epically. All the things you are supposed to like - the things you like about similar bands/bars have all been included.  You liked it once, you'll like it again! Right?    Much like Coldplay's pomp and circumstance that is ultimately soulless, Turf Accountant fails to be genuine on any level.  Its all carefully crafted to give you some blend of quasi-upscale, Irish, hipster cool, but it just fails to deliver. I knew it was time to go when I heard Chris Martin's voice. If you find middling boring, I suggest passing on Turf.
I really want to love this place. Great location, decent prices and run by the owners of Seamus, a spectacular Irish bar just down the street.  But I can't bring myself to.  Their servers are horrendous. Either they forget orders, ignore tables for 10-20 and then check back every 30 seconds and seem a bit socially awkward. I've also never seen so many not attractive middle-aged female servers anywhere BUT Applebees in my life.  I'm a big fan of gay or hot female servers. They seem to understand the give and take of serving, but Turf's staff doesn't.  The place feels like they took Seamus, threw it into the suburbs and made it more family friendly. If Cocktails (yes, the Tom Cruise one) sold out and franchised the bar to every mall around the country, Turf is exactly what it would look like.  Anyway, their beer selection is good and the food is tasty.
okay the two stars are based on 3 series of visits to this new addition to the chemus mc caffreys family. the owners of the downtown irish pub have created this grown up, mature but very stylish irish pub just up the way from the other place, and one things for sure! they have the same standards when it comes to service.......non existent, scarce and brain dead. i've tried the pub area (tall comfortable chairs by bar), the lounge area (short chairs away from bar) and last we ate at the bar. the first two times i was in a rush and stated this before hand, we were trying to catch a play during fringe festival, and of course it took her 5 minutes to bring the bill after it was requested, but of course she was standing at the computer flirting with the other server. that day my burger was alright, but the lettuce and tomato served with it looked like left overs from the night before. the corn beef and cabbage was cut like proscuitto, not good very dry, served without butter, and very fatty. however, i gave them another chance a few days later when we return to see another few plays, and this time the service (from same girl-one i over tipped to avoid this lack 'o service-much to my dissmay the big tip meant squat) was horrible. we were one of 3 tables in the place too, however the chef salad and ranch dressing were delicious! the veggies, all but the tomato were fresh! so being that i fell in love with the ranch (so hard to find a good one!) we returned tuesday for lunch, and low and behold the same salad i ordered the other day around supper time was the same price, but half the size!!! what the FFFF????? bad service and cheating the lunch folf without a small discount for smaller portions? not right. the bar service was the same but luckily we weren't in a hurry. however i asked for the bill, it was brought and then the bartender went to take up shop at the server station to talk with the other servers. i litteraly heelyed (i was wearing my heelys -shoes with wheels) over there and took her my check and credit card. im amazed, but i will give them another try, the ranch is deo. don't go to the turf if your picky on service, heck or even if you just want it, they wont give it to you and you'll hate this place. but if your easy going and want to waste time in the AC go there, you will get lots of free air! oh yeah btw the waffle fries are deo too!
Melissa needs to develop her customer service skills. She could not have been more aloof and indifferent to me and other customers at the bar, even turning her back on all of us to "clean the mirrors" on the bar wall, ignoring us completely. WTF?! That is, of course, until HER "friends" happened to walk in. Then she actually demonstrated some personality. The 1/3 lb. cheeseburger I ordered must have lost it's weight from the grill to the plate, because there wasn't much to it. Thin and unsatisfying, just like the "flattened" roll it was served on. The waffle fries are excellent, with the right portion being served. The male waiter was the only employee I really saw at least trying to look busy and hustling from one table to another, and in and out of the kitchen. He at least made eye contact and managed a smile. That's who needs to be behind the bar. Give me a reason to come in again. It also deserves mentioning, that Melissa never bothered to check back on me ONCE while I sat at the bar for approx. 45 mins., to ask how my food was, or if I wanted a refill on my beer, or thank you for stopping in. THIS IS WHO YOU WANT REPRESENTING YOUR BRAND NEW ENDEAVOR?! Good Luck with that!
The first warning sign should have been the fact that this place was practically dead at 9 pm on a Saturday night. From previous Yelpers, I was prepared for the complete and total lack of authenticity for a so-called Irish pub... but I was not prepared for cold food and having to constantly fend off the drunk and/or homeless people who unabashedly walk right up to the table and brazenly harass you or ask for your leftovers. Some may find this kitschy. I do not.   Really, this place deserves less than one star. It gets a quarter-star for our poor server, who seemed sweet and somewhat embarrassed about the goings-on. It gets another quarter-star for the seasoned waffle fries, which were probably totally delicious when they were hot.  Bleh.
Overpriced drinks and uninspired bar food fare with the added bonus of crummy service from a generally dim and lazy staff. I've been to this place about half a dozen times, and it's always the same, so they get one star for consistency. The most recent and final visit had us wait 45 minutes before the waitress took our lunch order. In the meantime I left my friends, walked across the street to Pizza Hut, bought a pie, and brought back to my still-waiting friends. We were asked to leave, which was the best part of the visit. If you're looking for a good Irish pub, try Seamus McCaffery's on Monroe St. It's not great, but definitely better than Turf.
If you are looking for a bar in the area then I would highly suggest heading 1 mile south of The Turf to Seamus McCaffreys. Funny thing is it is actually owned by the same people but unfortunately The Turf is under extreme need of new management.   Cons (Listed first because they should be strongly considered):  -You have to wait foreevvveeerrrrr to get a menu, etc.  -Everything is overpriced, everything.  -The food taste like their isn't one fresh ingredient but rather, it has been in the back of the freezer waiting for you to order up!  -The beer has been flat at times! Not cool when your paying over $5 a draft.  -After giving them chance after chance, they still cant get it right.   Pros:  -The furnishings are nice for an Irish pub but are a waste of money until they improve the service.  -The only reason I gave two stars and the only reason I would ever slightly recommend this place is because they do make a good grilled cheese. But lets be honest, that's not the hardest thing in the world to do.
It's okay.  The food isn't even remotely Irish.  They can do better.
My coworker and I were looking for a place for lunch near downtown...We didn't want Mexican or anything Asian, so we headed for the Turf.  I ordered the grilled shrimp skewers.  I opted for fries instead of veggies since I hate broccoli.  I feel fortunate for substituting the fries, because that was the only decent part of my meal.  My shrimp came out huge, but overcooked and without any flavor whatsoever.  I rarely, and I mean rarely, add salt to anything, and the shrimp is one of those things.  I didn't eat the mashed potatoes, because it had gravy (ick), and the salad would have been good if the Italian dressing didn't taste so bad.  The waitress didn't seem to remember anything we told her and had to ask what kind of fries we wanted several times.  Maybe if we would have come here for something to drink instead of lunch, it would have been better.  I will not be back to eat.
Not impressed at all.  Went there yesterday (a Friday) with my wife and some friends of hers from work.  The placed wasn't packed yet at all as it was only 5:00 when we all got there.  Service was very slow for getting drinks but reasonable for food that was ordered.    Many apps were ordered including wings, mushrooms, zucchini, chicken strips and the reuben dip.  Reuben dip was pretty good.  My wife ordered the fish and chips which was good.  Reason I gave this two stars is because I ordered the one thing that should be perfect in ANY Irish place.  The Shepard's Pie.  Hands down the WORST I've ever had.  Can't believe a chef in an Irish restaurant would send that out.
Okay, to be fair, the two-star rating is based on a single visit to The Turf (no longer Turf Accountant, because that made no damn sense anyway). If it had been a better night, I would have given three, maybe even four stars.   The food was okay; better than average bar food, not as good as a restaurant that's really trying. We got a boxty, which was just a pile of veggies in white gravy under a potato pancake thing; kind of tasty, but weird. The salad wasn't bad. The chicken strips were average at best. The beer was good, the atmosphere was exactly what an Irish bar should be, the band was REALLY good.  However.  We got their around 9 on First Friday. It wasn't as busy as I'd feared; we were seated right away, placed our order. Then we waited. For almost an hour. I saw food coming out at a steady pace from the kitchen; I assumed they were just backed up from the First Friday crowd.  Our waiter came around to check on us again, and I finally mentioned that we were getting awfully hungry.  His response, and I swear to God I'm not making this up:  "Oh, did you order food?"  I blinked at him, and focused on not killing him with my pint glass. Through clenched teeth I said slowly, "Yes. We did. A lot of it."   He ran back to the register and put our order in, and our food came out within minutes. I don't know what brain surgery procedure he was prematurely released from, but HOW THE HELL DO YOU FORGET TO PUT IN AN ORDER FOR AN ENTIRE TABLE?   Yes, it was only one mistake, by one person and not the entire restaurant, but it was a pretty fucking huge mistake. If the rest of the experience had been much over average, I might go back. But it wasn't. So I won't.
Came for the Irish breakfast and couldnt even finish it because it was so terrible.  The food had an after taste like it was being held in steam pans that had old, gross tap water.  Only finished the soda bread, everything else was unbearable.  Drinks were good- black and tan and an irish coffee (nice and strong)
First time, live down the street and decided to stop in for a beer.  The comdedian on Monday nights was talking about carrying weapons and how funny that is.  The bartender was dressed in a tie, but don't let it fool you, he's not polite.  At one point, he was threatening me with violence to leave the establishment.  No reason.  But beware, this place feels creepy and sketchy.  The beer was okay, but a bit over priced and less than I would expect from a gambling establishment.  My take on the place, there is no way I would cross their threshold again.
I walk in to get seated, and it took about 15 minutes for the waitress to get our drink order.  I ordered chicken wings...an hour later (no joke, literally an hour), the wings came out and i ate 4 of them. My friend told me to look down on my plate. As i look down, it looked like the chicken had been murdered, yes, they were bloody and raw. Im not saying I wasn't a dumb@$$ for not looking at chicken while i eat it, but damn. I told the waitress and she took them off the bill, a small compensation for what ensued later that night. About 5 hours later, i get home from work, and i start crapping and puking simultaneiously. This went on for 8 hours. I called the doctor to see if im going to die, he said possibly... and to keep slamming water. So i did, i kept myself awake out of fear of death in my sleep by dehydration. So all in all, if you're looking to lose some lbs by crapping out your intestines and other non important organs, Turf is the place to be.
The atmosphere was great! The service was extremely Slow for a First Friday night!! They had only 2 servers and a full house! Got my meal -  Ahi Tuna sandwhich and half the sandwhich was missing the tuna! Very disappointed. Posted a pic but it was deleted!
How do you mess up a burger?    I visited The Turf for lunch last Sunday, and was very disappointed.  Among the three of us eating, two of us had less than desirable meals.  We started with Bloody Mary's which were just OK, if you are a bartender PLEASE learn to make a Bloody Mary.  There is nothing worse than a bad bloody.  Food came out after a substantial wait which was odd because there was maybe 5 tables of people.  My veggie botxy (Irish potato pancake) was tasteless and blah.  My friend who ordered the burger said it was not very good and he would be stopping at In N Out later in the day.  His waffle fries were great.  My other friend ordered the eggs and toast which he said were good.  After about a 15  wait for our bill we paid the $40 tab and left.  Not too bad when you figure we had two cocktails, but still a little steep for an unimpressive lunch and okay Blood Mary.  I may be back for a beer but not to eat.
The bartender was a douchebag. I came with a large group for a London bus crawl tour so it WAS busy but this jerk looked directly at me twice and served the people on each side of me and never took my order. I moved to the other side of the bar and the same thing happened.  This was over the course of 30 MINUTES. THEN he had the nerve to tell me to get out when i called him out on his very poor service.  When I came back to take his picture to post to Yelp (which is in my comment in the "Tips" section), he asked why I was taking his picture.  When I explained my intention of posting it on Yelp he again told me to get out.  Fortunately, this crapshoot of a place only had ONE bartender and ONE server on a SATURDAY night, so he couldn't do anything other than direct me to leave.
If you go to "tips" you see another of my reviews of this same place.  Troy D., who calls my review "stupid," also works at Turf as a bartender.  So as you can see, more than one of their staff at this place put the customer first...
Too bad my 200th review is for this place.  Typical American "Irish" bar. The music selection was good but not right for the environment. Service wasn't attentive. My booth seat was caving in around me. The bathroom was absolutely disgusting. A very small whiskey cranberry was $7.  Bottom line, I won't be back.
Been there a couple times and the bartender's are never usually, at all nice.  A simple "hello" with a smile makes anyone feel good.  These people never heard such a thing.
A handful of us stopped here to watch the UEFA Champions League Final, and all were disappointed. It is a poorly dressed-up dive bar. Poor food, poor service, and a passable interior environment - except the restrooms, which both had standing water/mysterious liquid. Luckily it is an OTB as well, which served as a distraction to most everything else. The OTB and Guiness poured correctly are the only factors keeping this place from one star.
I used to be a fan of the Turf. I would go for Off Track Betting (OTB) with a group of friends. That was always a good time.   I went a few weeks back and the bartender told me that they are trying to get away from the "bar" element of the Turf and make it more of a restaurant. That being said, the drink prices are going up considerably. A well drink will now be over $6.   I doubt I will be back.
I have been going to Turf for years.  They recently changed management and the menu (twice now, actually).  The fish and chips used to be great--some of my favorite in the central Phoenix area.  Boy, are the F & C's lousy now---greasy, heavy breading and flavorless.  The hamburgers have good meat but also flavorless.  They got rid of the bacon and chocolate they had when they revised the menu the 1st time.  Booooo.  Everything is better with bacon!  And they got rid of my pub favorite: the steak sandwich.  The chicken wings are ridiculously huge and, again, not that great.  Plus no more steak fries, which my friend really liked.  The HH food menu is lacking and was really perturbed when I went there and they had no guacamole (a HH menu item).  The service has also gone downhill.  Husband waited 30 minutes for his flavorless hamburger.  The ONLY improvement is their wine selection got better. I will avoid eating here (will eat before I get there) in the future until they hopefully make some positive changes.  Please bring back some of the old menu items!  And go back to your old fish and chip recipe.
I used to love this place.  Came here with family and friends, always had a great time and good food. Not sure what happened but I'll NEVER come here again.  You could see thru the slice of ham.  The pancakes were at a minimum hours old.  $5 BloodyMary not worth the draw.  Don't waste your time.
This was my first visit to The Turf for a meal. I was in the mood for a good Reuben and excitedly order just that! Boy was I disappointed at what came out: a fat riddled, tough, disgusting sandwich I would be embarrassed to call a Reuben. :( luckily it came with a side of fries to hold me over. I had the waitress take it back and ended up eating part of my friends fried fish dinner, which was pretty tasty. I also had a quarter of our other table mates cheeseburger which was ok. Would I come back for dinner? Probably not. I wasn't impressed. At all. If I'm in the mood for Irish fare I will be sticking with Tim Finnegans from now on, or Johnny Foxs Public House.
Went for lunch yesterday..... As far as the food was concerned, it was average. Nothing special at all. The Fruit-ke-bob was a cool idea as a side, and the seasoned waffle frys were yummy, but neither were very innovative and amazing. The Reuben was thick sliced corned beef and thousand Island on Marble rye. Big whoop. (Couldn't carry the lunchbox of the Rueben at Windsor, see my review of that)  Atmosphere.. dark and closed off. Could let more light in for the lunch crowd. Service, my waiter acted like he would prefer to be anywhere else in the world. Common for servers, as I was one once myself way back when I was a little girl, but he did a poor job of hiding his true sentiment to his job.  What REALLY took me back about this place was that there was a patron that literally passed out on the floor (unrelated medical issue) and the restaurant staff did NOTHING to help her. Absolutely NOTHING. The bartender dropped off a glass of OJ with simple syrup in it and walked away. No cold rag, no offer of assistance, no compassion or concern whatsoever. Heres your glass of OJ, good luck with that...type attitude. I really couldn't believe that.   As a result of that alone, I would never spend another dollar in an establishment that shows ZERO level of concern for a patron that passes out and is laying on the floor and the staff does nothing.
Well this was the first #wvfn. The #evfn usually draws 40+ folks so many of us were anxious to see where things went. We had about 20 folks at one point and here goes the report. I got there about 6:02 made the wrong turn and so when I asked about Happy Hour was told I just missed it . I asked about a small extension and was rebuffed.  I mentioned that we were a larger group and that the should consider going to 7pm, and that it probably costs them $300 in sales by stopping at 6pm as oppose to the old stand by of 7pm. Deaf ears.  I ordered mu usualy Pilsner Urquel which came back a) flat and b) no foam ..come on Czech's like some foam and c) I think they flew to Pilzen to get the beer. I did not order food, I would have but since happy hour was not offered I passed.  I did get to sample a sausage from my buddy next to me. His meal came with 3 and while the sausage as tasty the meal was cold, as was the potato leek soup. We were outside in fairness but still I was expecting a little more.  The shining moment were the waitresses, they came by often and asked if we were ok and needed anything. So I am thinking it was not them who flew to Pilzen for the best beer made. We got plenty of attention which has always been a problem with #evfn. We shall see as our group grows.
Moist, fresh food from a chain, on the west side. Who'd have thunk?  --actual STEAMED fresh vegetables, not micro frozen. see what little effort it takes? --loved the "buffalo" potatoes; nicely cooked, bite-size, drenched in wing sauce with ranch for dipping. BING. --really pricey for what it is. $14 for a basic salad? where do you think we are, Scottsdale? --too many windows, too much light to be a proper pub --decor from some pick-by-page-and-letter Irish kitsch catalog. --um. there's a metal fishnet thing on the ceiling! --all two- and four-tops except for a giant picnic-table size 16-top: you can't bring your extra 0.6 out of 2.6 children -- who needed him anyway? --ding for leaving my half-and-half on the bar for 5 minutes; this is a PUB, lady! Don't keep me from my Guiness and Harp!  Something surreal about the popup mall that sits across from a dead field. And right on the corner is the Auld Dubliner. Far too many windows for a proper pub. Fill those in, man! And what do we get to look at? The empty dead field across the street.  Although very moist and fresh, the food here is mostly bland. Thank God for Coleman's mustard. Between us all we emptied the entire jar onto our food; ok, most of it was on my plate, but hey!
We made a trip to the Auld Dubliner after the movies a couple of weeks ago.  We arrived about 10 pm and the place was crowded.  They had a live band and it was so loud that I couldnt hear anything!  We sat down and ordered drinks and waited about ten minutes for them.  After that we ordered off the limited late menu and I had the Corned Beef Sandwich and it was one of the worst meals I have ever had.  The texture and flavor were horrible.  My wife had wings and was not impressed.  The prices were very high for what you received.    We will not be making a return trip here.
I have been to this place over 10 times...  I am sad to say the food is getting worst and worst...  What gives?  Each time we go, I hope it gets better.  Nope...  The service has gotten worst too.  Hum, I might not return again...  But my husband loves the place...
I had never been to RT O'Sullivan's but assumed by the name that this was in Irish Pub.  When we arrived it even looked as if it were an Irish Pub but the second our feet hit the threshold we could not have been more wrong.    The very first thing we noticed was the music that the DJ was playing.  It was vulgar, disgusting and degrading rap music.  Don't think me a prude....I like some rap music myself but every other word was the "F" word with explicit sexual content and I mean every single song the DJ played.  The clientele on the dance floor all looked like thugs (me thinks I'm going to see a throw-down on the dance floor any minute).    The place was dirty and it stunk.  I couldn't figure out what the smell was......We didn't order any food (the stink and atmosphere prevented me from doing that) and although my friends ordered a drink I did not.  I felt so uncomfortable there I couldn't wait to leave.  We stayed about 45 mins. which was 45 mins. too long.    If you are looking for an Irish Pub this is NOT THE PLACE!  It is so far removed from Irish (beyond the Irish decor) that you can get.  Not only do I not recommend this place I recommend you stay far, far away!
Weird little establishment put together with a weird crowd.  Maybe it was just this Friday night but everything about it was pretty obnoxious down to the server, clientele, and DJ blasting music. It seemed like the employees were doing the bare minimum and didn't really wanna help anyone.
The Wednesday night trivia guy is HORRIBLE.
R.T. O'Sullivans and places like it are the reason people pretty much just stay home.  Terrible service, overpriced drinks and an atmoshere that makes watching paint dry seem exciting. Three dollars for a 14 oz draft? And thats when you can get the bar wench to acknowledge your existance. Oh, and you will need to go to the bar for a drink because the high school mentality wait staff are too engrossed in each others dialog to realize they actually work there.  Short of a pool table this place has nothing to offer.
you definitely lost me as a customer. my friend and i went in on a Sunday afternoon  specifically for the veggie tray. We sat outside considering it was a beautiful day. We waited 15 minutes, while flagging down  the waitress. she completely ignored us. the people at the table next to us noticed her ignoring us and said they would ask her to come over to us when she returned to their table with their drinks. Still, she continued to ignore us. Then I proceeded to tell the hostess and she did not seem very concerned and said she would send someone over. We waited another five minutes, still no service. So, we left. that is SO ridiculous! never again will i return to this place. That was the absolute worst customer service and made us feel very unwelcome.
The patio was nice,  but don't expect to get good service when you sit there. Took over 15 mins before we got our drinks even ordered.  Everyone finished our drinks before our lunch order was take.  An hour later the food finally came out. It wasn't really hot and looked like it had been sitting out for a while. The server said they had a large party come in. So she was spending her time with them and forgot out the people outside. There was 4 tables outside and we all complained.  The food was not worth the wait
.
The drinks are good (if u order them correctly.) I recommend the sheppard's pie! Nice atmos, ok service. Has potential to be a very fun evening.
Ok, I've been there 3 times now. Twice on Saturday, one on Friday.   First 2 times we were there, service was horrible. The servers were rude, very slow, and didn't really care.   First time we went there, it was Saturday. We got there 10 til 10. I tried to flag someone so we could get food order in before the late-night menu started. First girl I talked to said they were not serving food. I asked if they were serving late night menu then, she said "Ya, but I don't know where the menu is" and walked away.  We waited for few minutes but nobody came to our table, so we gave up and couple of us got drinks from bar (after 10 minutes of waiting at the bar too) Few minutes after, our server came to us and said "Where have you been? I was waiting for you all to sit down" Well, One of my friend was sitting at the table for the whole time and the server didn't go over for like 15 minutes, it just sounds like an excuse. We finally got late night menu, which was a one page print out of like 5 things... We got wings, Reuben sliders, and fish and chips. Wing and Reuben came out first. Wings were alright. It was too crispy for my taste and flavor was so-so. Reuben slider wasn't so tasty. Meat was dried out and bun was too hard. Fish and chip came out about 10 minutes later. It was 1 fish. One chunk of fish that was very over done (dark dark brown). Did kitchen guy forgot to take it out of the fryer? Or did server forgot to bring it out and it got cold so they had to fry it again? Either way, it wasn't so good. Chips were very greasy too. And speaking of server... she didn't know what half and half was, or black and tan... she kept asking which beer we wanted. Overall, we weren't happy.   Second night was 2 weeks later, on a Friday night.  Walked in, got ourselves a table, different server. Let's see if this night is any better than last time. Nahhh, it was still the same.  We ordered drinks, asked for a menu (unfortunately late-night menu again) and waited... She came back with drinks, no menu. So we asked again. Her response was, "Oh, you want menu? I'll be right back" She said that first time we asked for a menu! Anyways, she got menu... and disappeared for 20 minutes. You know... if somebody asks for a menu, doesn't it mean that somebody is hungry and wants to order a food? Maybe? Anyways, she wasn't paying attention, so my buddy got up, grabbed a random server that's standing by POS, and asked to put an order of wings in since our server is MIA. As he was sitting down, I see our server getting up from another table across from ours, walked towards us, and said  "Oh, did you want to order food?" so we replied with  "Yes, we asked for menu because we wanted to order food. But you were gone for 20 minutes, so we decided to find somebody else"  So then she responded with  "Oh, I'm sorry we are slammed. I just got like 10 tables."  Hmmmm, I just saw her get up from other table which I could see and she was there for good 5 minutes. What a way to give us an excuse! And we are not stupid, people were leaving, not coming in. The place had half the people compare to when we came in.  And also she was blaming other server for doing her job. Oh, and my buddy asked her what the writing on the wall meant. It was in Celtic. She was running around all over to find what it meant. She failed though... My comment on that was  "If only she tried that hard to get our order and drinks right..."  So... the second visit was a bad one too...   The next day! 3rd time is a charm. We'll give it a one final chance before we give up on this place.  Walked in, got a table right in front of the stage. (We also went 2 nights in a row to see The Biffos play) This time, a server came right away to take our order! So the night started good. She took rally good care of us, got our food, and checked on us more than other 2 servers combined. Later of the visit though, she was getting slower, but I could also see she had other tables she was tending. That's fine. She wasn't making up story about how it got mysteriously busy with no people.  After 3 visits, I give 2 star. The food wasn't something to rave about and service was way below average. I would rather go to other bars with cheaper Guinness and better service.
I tried this place because I like Guinness beer and Irish fare bar food and it's close to the house.  I probably will not return though.  The food was OK, nothing to really get excited about.  My wife had the fish and chips but it was over cooked and rubbery but my burger was good.  The waitress did take the fish order off the check which was nice of her but because the food isn't reliably good, we would simply prefer to go to another pub (the one in Glendale) for our Irish food fix.
I love the way it looks inside.  Its the new bar in town so everybody goes, though i will say it is a much older crowd than the other places in town.  I went on a Saturday, they had at least 5 bartenders working.  I found it really hard to get a drink, sure it was busy but I've seen 2 good bartenders handle the same workload without a problem.   I finally got my beer, handed him a $20, got change for a $5 and he was out of sight before I could even say anything.  2nd time I came in I stood there and got bored of doing so before being helped and left.  Maybe they can get the kinks ironed out down the road and it will improve.  They got the patio finished and it is quite nice!    I recommend it if you're over 50.  Just not the spot for me.
Eh. The Saturday night that we showed up, back in March, it was just dead.  I liked the band that was there that night, but the service was ridiculously slow for how few people were there.  I haven't been interested in going back.
Well where do I start...  When we walked in the tables that were not already seated were dirty with remnants from the last guests.  After being seated for almost ten minutes, we finally got our drink order taken.  We had drinks by about the 16 minute mark, although not everything we ordered...then we finally had food by about the 34 minute mark.  Look, here it is...service was a mess.  One server for what I could see was 19 people at various tables in the section we were seated in.  Wow.  That is not what I call service.  People were waiting for food, refills and the check.  The food was good, in fact it is a real shame that the food was so good, because we will not be going back.  A lot of places have good food, but usually when the service is bad as this, those places do not stay open long.
went for friday fish and chips  - very disappointed -  had to send first order back because it was soggy and cold as it was prepared 30 minutes before I ordered.. The waitress agreed that it had been sitting for awhile.. this place IS A BUST !!! George and Dragon and Pier 83 so much better! Don't waste your time or money...
Used to be my favorite place for chicken & curry until I came in for my to-go order & saw the chef through the order window boxing my food with his bare hands. I'm sure my food is touched with bare hands at restaurants more than I probably realize ... but when I asked the bartender if that's what I really saw, she gave me the excuse "That's all he touches. That's his spot." (yeah right - hard to believe he stands there like a statue all night and only places his impecably clean hands on food alone.) so I replied "he isn't supposed to be wearing gloves?"   No gloves in my own kitchen .... fine. No gloves in a restaurant .... totally grossed out.   Come on, even the Subway two doors down from this place puts on gloves every single time.  Offering to remake my food would have been nice. Still undecided if I'll be back - and that's saying a lot since they have a ton of great beer on tap and I could avoid ordering food.  Beware chef does not wear gloves!
Maybe I'm too spoiled from living near Padre Murphey's and RTO Sullivans, but this place just isn't up to par.   The Beer is actually good, I like their bar and drinks selections.   But the Food and menu is horrible. Wing are shitty, I'm not a huge fan of Irish food but at least Padres has THE GODFATHER which is probably the best sandwich I've ever had. Plus their wings are awesome.   Also the customer service here sucks, bartenders hardly notice you when sitting at the bar or act as if its a chore to take your order.   Irish I know you're one of the only bars in surprise but step your fucking game up. Because once a better bar opens up, your going to be in trouble.   I much rather make the drive out to 59th ave and bell to go to RTO's or to 43ave and bell to Padre Murphy's.   In fact today I'm going to meet a friend at Native New Yorker instead of this place because the food sucks so bad, and I know I can count on Natives wings.  *UPDATE* So apparently Native New Yorker is closed, so I ended up meeting my friend at Irish Wolfhound, figured, geez what other place could we really go too, especially on short notice.   I had a burger, it was horrible. The fries were actually okay, not the greatest but better then the burger that's for sure.   We tabbed out after 2 drinks and talked. Well after talking for a while we decided on another beer. Waited and waited for our server to come back around and when she didn't I just went to the bar. I was STANDING at the bar for a while, even looking at the bartender in the face as she cleaned glasses yet didn't acknowledge me and there was maybe only 3 people total sitting at the bar. FINALLY she comes over and I order 2 IPA's.   Our server then comes back around and makes a comment like "oh you're still here?"   Uh wow.   After talking for a while longer with my friend, (we were sitting at a hight top) I put my feet on the open seat next to me to rest them while I chat.  then another SERVER actually comes up to me and says, "Excuse me sir, we don't allow feet on our furniture".  I had fucking shoes on and it's a fucking bar, i'm actually sitting indian style before and after that on my own seat and on my shoes anyway.   REALLY RUBBED ME THE WRONG WAY. I'll NEVER be coming back, FUCK this place.  Downgrading it to ONE star.
Been to several bars/restaurants and everytime I go into this place I just never seem to like it. Whether it be the service, the atmosphere, the food or most recently the security guards on a sat. night that were dressed like cops that seemed to be hovering over anyone at the bar they felt had been there too long. They actually went up to a couple and I believe cut them off from drinking...? I have no clue what this was about as I had never seen this before?  I just can't seem to get into this place. No wow factor, no good feeling.. nothing that makes me want to go back. Just bla...Alot more upbeat happier places to get a drink and good food.
I'm a regular at this bar but this is the first time I've decided to eat here. I can't say the food was terrible but I have a issue with calling something a "Shepherds pie" if it doesn't actually have SHEEP in it. Ground beef is used in a cottage pie....but it was bland regardless of the name. Also, quite over-priced. They have decent bar choices and only a quick drive from home so I do go regularly but only as a bar patron. Please be careful of your checks if paying by credit as I've been over-charged a few times. I had one of the bar tenders decide to give himself a $60 tip. Luckily, I was refunded but those "mistakes" shouldn't be happening at a place that would like to keep business.
Came here after a 8 month break.  Don't know if they had a change of management or what but I was not impressed.  The black velvet had a strange taste to it (had one at my last visit and it was great).  The soda bread was asbdry as sand and very hard/stale.  My wife's steak sandwich was very bland.  Wait staff preferred to talk to each other rather than wait tables.  I wanted so much to have a local Irish pub that I liked but this is not it.  Bummer.
I came here on a Friday night. There were four people in my party.  We arrived at around 7PM. When we got inside, the hostess wasn't there, but a nice girl let us know that she would be back momentarily. She got there a few minutes later and asked if we'd like to sit inside or outside. We opted for the patio. She asked if we were all over 21 (?). Not sure why. She let us know to just seat ourselves. Fine...  We sit down and waited about 15 minutes for a waitress to take our drink order. When she finally arrived, she also asked us if we were all over 21. We nodded, since we were. She took everyone's drink orders (everyone ordered beer), and when she got to me, she said, "I'm going to need to see everyone's IDs." Why is it that two separate people asked if we were over 21, but didn't  bother checking IDs? Odd.   I ordered Smithwicks (awesome beer) and the all you can eat fish fry. The fish was good, but they literally give you two tiny pieces of fish for every plate. It would make more sense to give more fish on the first plate, and less on the subsequent plates. The french fry's were okay, but the coleslaw was HORRENDOUS! There was no dressing on it whatsoever. They put dry cabbage on a plate and called it coleslaw.   The pricey food coupled with the below average service, along with the lack of effort put into the food gives this establishment two stars. I would only return for the Irish Beer (and any Irish pub can supply that).
Meh.  Extremely mediocre food.  Fine if you're looking for a pint or two but don't expect anything spectacular to come out of the kitchen - my husband and I have tried a few different menu items and have yet to be impressed.  It's not BAD, perse, just not memorable.   Kudos to the wait staff, they're all super nice and helpful.
I am a fan of Irish bars (given my maiden name is very Irish....) and am always up to check out a new one.  I happen to be in this area which is very new to me and was excited when I saw my favorite symbol...the shamrock! I went in on Christmas Eve not knowing what to expect and boy it was busy...I guess some important games were on.  Very loud but that is my fault for not enjoying the games...no stars lost were lost for that.  I notice it is not very clean..I mean it passes a quick visual but once you are sitting there for a minute you kinda notice for the area of town it doesn't really fit. I wouldn't call this a pub or even a grill.  I call it a bar.  With bar food.  Not great.  I had a burger...so soggy it soaked through the bun.  Bleh.  I say pass on by...for the price the atmosphere and food are definitely not worth it.
This grill wasn't really for me. I went with other people who liked loud places like this, but it's not really my style. The food wasn't too bad, but the service was pretty poor. It kept taking a long time for our waiter to come back, although they were kind of busy. Still, I probably wouldn't return here.
Food was okay... nothing to rave about.   But the service! Oh, the service.  We chose to eat in the bar table  area... the waitress was just shamefully bad.   Ignoring tables ... getting orders wrong... but she came up to the table and proclaimed "I totally forgot about you guys ", then laughed and said that "at least I'm honest ".  That was the last straw.   We've given you several opportunities to earn our business, and you've not taken advantage of a single one.
Fish fry!  I heard that Connolly's had a good fish fry so my friend and tried it tonight.  When we first walked in we were greeted nicely and shown to a table right away.  Our waitress came right away for a drink order and the drinks came quickly.  We both ordered the fish fry  and it came to the table about 10 minutes later.  So far we were really impressed with the great service and looked forward to a nice meal. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT.  The fried fish was the worst I have had anywhere in any state.  Whatever kind of fish they serve it's absolutely awful.  At first bite I thought maybe the fish was undercooked because it was mushy.  But no, it was thoroughly cooked but very mushy.  We ate most of the meal and when I mentioned the fish texture to our waitress she said other people had complained about the mushy texture too.  She told us the name of the fish they use but I can't remember it now.  It's definitely not cod, walleye, perch, catfish, haddock, or any fish served at other fish fries.  We will probably go back to Connolly's sometime but we'll be smart enough to never order fish again.  BEWARE OF THE FISH.
HORRIBLE! Been here a few times and this was the last night we'll ever go there. Husband ordered all you can fish and chips which came out with maybe 3 small pieces of fish. By the time the waitress came back much later, he re-ordered more. After waiting 20 minutes, a nasty woman with short blond hair bought over 2 tiny pieces of fish. Seriously??? I worked in the rest. business and it doesn't take 20 minutes to fry up 2 fish "nuggets"! And to only bring 2 fish "nuggets" ????  What a JOKE!!! My husband left there hungry! Your cole slaw is nasty also!! And ketchup tasted nasty. We were so pissed we paid and left.  I will give your fish tacos 2 thumbs up. I will miss those.  The 1st waitress who gave us menus and our drink had NO personality. Our actual waitress who we had before was nice. The woman who gave us the 2 fish nuggets came, dropped them on the table and walked away without saying anything. You need to find some waitresses with PERSONALITIES!  We won't be going back to this place!
Me and a coworker went there during the World Cup USA game and it was a complete mess. I worked in a bar for 8 years, and this was the worst experience ever. Waited 15 minutes for service. Waited 30 mins for food. Then another 30 minutes for the waitress to come back over and another 25 mins to pay. The TVs are too small 42" TVs are not what anyone wants to watch the game on, and they are mounted too high. The bartender was also the waitress!!! I couldn't believe that Connellys would set her up for failure like that, she could make a lot more money working somewhere that cares about her.
Basically this place is a bad Rula Bula Impersonation. I have been a vegetarian most of my adult life. It has rarely been an issue for me when I go out places. my GF and I went here to give it a shot.  The menu was not all that impressive but we made our selection. After we ordered I decided to check the place out. On my walk I caught a glimpse of  someone cutting vegetables on "what appeared" to be a bloody cutting board. We paid for our food and got it to go and ended up giving it to a homeless guy on mill.  I realize that this may not be an issue to some people but even so, one has to wonder if they are this careless on such a basic level of cleanliness, one can only imagine what else goes on there. why do irish bars insist on shipping wood from Ireland? put those resources into something else. I imagine some carpenter in Ireland getting a good laugh as he counts all his money for shipping wood to the US.
Although I give the group of friends I was with Saturday night 5 enthusiastic stars, I have to say this was a very disappointing bar experience. Upon walking in, I immediately felt like the space looked exactly like every other brand new Irish pub - you know the ones pretending to look weathered and old ... and they all end up freakishly looking the same? This place is an exact replica of D'Arcy McGee's at Tempe Marketplace. Which isn't too bad, if you like the pre-packaged, generic Irish pub feel.   I ordered my usual favorite bevvy that I order at every fine Irish establishment - a Snakebite (basic term for a mixture of beer and hard cider) and I said "with Guinness." The bartender looks at me and snaps "that's called a black velvet - NOT a Snakebite" ...  which, I did look up later, and in fact a black velvet was created in London, England, and a traditional Irish Snakebite is made with Guinness - I know this argument is neither here nor there but he was really quite rude about it!  Anyway, the band that was playing reminded me of a cross between Irish music and Kenny Loggins... so we decided to go to our first love.. Rula Bula. I did confess to the bartender at Rula Bula that I did in fact cheat on them "a little bit" ... but they said that after a little bit of counseling our relationship should be back to normal in no time. It was like  I played "just the tip" (look up Old School if you don't know what I am talking about) and I definitely did not like how it feels.
FOOD POISONING = signing up for Yelp just to write this review...  I am laying on my sofa as I recover from a bout of food poisoning brought on by the portabella mushroom burger I ate last night at Robbie Fox.    I understand that ordering a vegetarian option at an "Irish Pub" might not be the best idea--but I didn't feel like eating a massive meaty meal and thought the portabella would be nice for dinner.   The service by the server was fine...however, the man who brought our food to the table (a man with a beard wearing a striped shirt that wasn't a uniform) set my fiance's food down correctly naming it and then said: "and here is your mushroom thingy"  I should have known...  To make a long night and story short--two hours later I was throwing up violently for a solid 2-3 hours...and intermittently after that...I felt like I was going to die.  I'm all for weight loss without working out...but when I went to Robbie Fox for dinner I wasn't planning on puking all night and waking up 4.5lbs thinner.    An earlier review said something about chopping veggies on a bloody board and that made me cringe--probably what happened to me...but I ate it and got massive food poisoning.  HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE
I've experienced better.  It's called Rula Bula.  It's right around the corner.  My distaste for this place began a week or so before I ever set foot in the establishment.  My husband and I were with our kids, walking around  Mill and walked past the restaurant, where they had an employee standing outside trying to rally some business.  We ended up having a short conversation with her in which she stated that we should come to Robbie Fox's, "the only authentic Irish pub in Tempe."  To this, we replied, "Haven't you ever heard of Rula Bula?"  "Yes," she told us, "this is better."  My husband and I have been faithful Rula Bula patrons for many years.  I couldn't imagine anyone in Tempe having better fish and chips than them...  ...but, for some reason my curiosity got the best of me and I stopped by Robbie Fox's for a late lunch one afternoon when my daughter and I were out walking around Mill.  I had a hankering for fish and chips and figured I'd give it a try, even though I knew it probably wouldn't compare to Rula Bula's.  I was right.  Not even in the same league.  Even the chips were inferior.  Their "chips" are more like shoe string french fries which I'm not a fan of because there's so little potato to them.  Their tartar sauce was pretty standard, again, inferior to Rula Bula's.    The service was good, and normally I like it when the waitress gives my daughter a little attention, and acknowledges her undeniable cuteness (okay, maybe I'm a little biased) but this waitress seriously wouldn't leave us alone.  Give me some space, I'm eating.  At the end of the meal, she brought my daughter a bowl of ice cream.  Although it was a very nice gesture, my daughter hadn't eaten more than two bites of her food, and I really hadn't planned on giving her any sort of sweets.  While free food is always appreciated, it's best to ask before you put a bowl of ice cream in front of a toddler.    I don't think I can betray Rula Bula again.
Disappointed is my one word attitude after visiting this pub. Out of four meals only one met expectations. The eggs were so undercooked the whites were more runny than the yokes. The red meats were cooked opposite our request. The "rare" steak was overcooked and tough as leather. The "medium" steak sandwich was still mooing. The server was awesome, but with completely disappointing food, and service alone does not make me want to return, and I won't. There are countless pubs in the area that I would pick over this one. They spent a lot of money on the decor, and none of it creating safe and appetizing food.
Going to Robbie Fox's was probably my worst restaurant experience ever!!! And I spent five years in the industry.  The reviews and the menu indicated that this place had more of a restaurant than a pub style atmosphere . So I decided to stop in with my wife and baby for LUNCH in the middle of a Saturday afternoon. Well, by the time we left, my wife was nearly in tears because she feared that the employee who greeted us might hit me. They had a bouncer, not  a hostess, outside the door to greet us, or rather rebuke us for trying to enter with our baby in the middle of the afternoon. The bouncer was very rude and treated my family like some drunken ASU students. He was very unprofessional, perhaps a result of performing his job duties in 110 F weather. When I asked for an explanation he immediately accused me of trying to argue with him rather than letting me know that there was a large crowd of rowdy soccer fans inside but that it should calm down in about a half hour when the game ends, which I did not become aware of until later that day. When I questioned his attitude and asked to speak with a manager he got angered and raised his voice. I raised mine a bit in return. My wife asked that we leave, quivering.  I emailed the GM, Mike Aiton, about the situation. It is almost two weeks later and no response. His help definitely needs to be told to drop the tough guy attitude. This sort of behavior is completely unacceptable.   I have never experienced bouncers with this sort of attitude at any Mill Ave bars much less a Mill Ave restaurant.   Try Rula Bula (down the street), Casey Moore's (on Ash I think) or Darcy McGee's at Tempe Marketplace if you want an Irish public house.
The food used to be great at this spot offering up Irish fare that rivaled the long time favorite Rula Bula. However, it seems that recently they have decided to change their menu (in order to cut food cost it seems) and take the fish n chips dinner ($12) down to only 2 small pieces of fish. The chips also got changed to small thin fries that are too greasy for all but the strongest of stomachs.   So what about the drinks you ask ? Well, the Guinness is great and the atmosphere is not so bad either, atleast until 10pm. After 10pm the college crown rolls in and the glass goes away in favor of plastic cups. Sorry Robbie, I'm not going to drink my whiskey out of a plastic cup. I don't care what time it is.  Save yourself the trouble and go to Rula. Unless your looking to hit on or actually hit some overly drunk college kids.
The country pie was at least edible and a good selection of beers were available, hence the two stars. Here's where it goes downhill. Chicken mushroom with wild rice, their most recommended dish, was severely undercooked. Brought second which was better but still a little soft. Waitress was newbie and no help from other waiters was ever offered. Even after manager came and apologized and offered to comp the meal for the raw chicken the waitress still charged us and manager was nowhere to be seen. At that point I just wanted out of there.
Yawn...another "Irish" pub....funny thing is, the owner of this one is Irish, I believe.  Modeled after Johnnie Fox's in Dublin, Ireland (not very well, I might add), although the real Johnnie Fox's might not appeal to the masses here in Arizona.  Interesting choice of location, right between two other well established Irish pubs (Casey Moore's and Rula Bula).  I'll give the bar staff 4 stars as well.  Friendly and attentive.  They lose a star for pouring their whisky not a ml heavy. Let's cut to the chase, If you want loud, college party atmosphere, show up after 10:00.  Don't look for a seat at the bar, as they will have removed them. If you want to enjoy a pint or two and average to below average food, it's OK, but I would rather spend my hard earned dollars somewhere else.
This pub's owners certainly had some cojones opening shop just down the road from Mill Avenue mainstay Rula Bula -- and it likely won't be long before they're packing up the Jameson barrels and Irish charm and locking the door for the final time, because Robbie Fox's doesn't hold a candle to its nearby competition. It's never a good sign when a restaurant advertises its daily special as swordfish on the sign out front, but the waitress tells you the special is catfish. That's a clear sign of a dining establishment that doesn't have its act together.  First, the good: A strong variety of Irish whiskeys, Scotch whiskeys and Irish/UK beers. Jameson is sold for a very reasonable $5 a glass (and a ridiculously good $2 during happy hour) and the bar portion of the restaurant seems like a great hangout. The restaurant's proximity to Churchill's Cigars and a spacious patio makes for a nice way to relaxing with a Scotch in one hand and a cigar in the other.  However, there is much more (or less, I suppose) to this place than just the bar. The ambiance is nice, though done much better at other local pubs, including Lis Doon Varna in Peoria.   The food, however, is quite disappointing. While I initially gave the proprietors credit for correctly calling one of their menu items "cottage pie," as it was made of ground beef (and shepherd's pie requires ground lamb), upon tasting the dish, it should have its name changed to "exceptionally bland gravy with undercooked veggies and flavorless ground beef, covered in confusingly bland whipped potatoes." Yikes. I have no idea how such a rustic, simple, savory dish can turn out so nearly inedible because of a lack of flavor.   All of the food was not bad. The fish and chips were quite good -- the fish was perfectly fried, seasoned properly and delicious, though I do wish it had been a traditional piece of batter-fried fish, not an entire fish filet. The shape and size of the filet required a knife and fork to eat, which unfortunately means you can't easily dunk the fish into the divinely snappy tartar sauce.   But just when you think they are doing something right, Robbie Fox's once again returns to mediocrity (at best). The mushy peas? They could be tasty, if they were even slightly salted. Outside of chips at a Mexican food restaurant, I shouldn't have to salt my food. The same goes for the shoestring fries that accompanied the fish.  The final straw for me was the service. We dined at about 5:30 on a Saturday. The restaurant was not busy, and there were at least three servers taking care of the dining area, but we rarely saw our waitress.
Visited during a Thursday Happy Hour.  The place was virtually deserted, and after ordering the "Tavern Steak" I think I know why.  Hopefully, all of their entrees aren't this bad.  If I owned a restaurant I would be ashamed and  embarrassed to put out  this lousy of a product.  The service was woeful as well.
I have never been treated worse in my entire life then when I stood outside Robbie Fox's, and I had not even made it through the doors. My friends and I were celebrating a birthday and had A TON of people with us, so my friend and I walk up and ask the bouncers how VIP works and we were shouted at to go to the end of the line. We politely told the bouncer we just wanted to know how VIP worked and he continued to shout go to the end of the line. So she and I walked over to the girl heading the VIP line and asked how it worked and she simply replied it is 5 dollars a person. As my girlfriend and I walk back to our friends the bouncers point and LAUGH AT US. What the hell!? I wanted to leave immediately but was talked into staying in line.  This is where it gets fascinating. I hand my ID over to the bouncer and he asks me how my night goes so I respond sarcastically "fantastic!" He proceeds to ask me if there is a reason I am being rude to him and I responded that he was rude to me first. He then says well you can leave and tried to hand my ID to the second bouncer. I proceeded to take it out of the bouncers hand and walk away. My boyfriend followed me and I told him I'd call the manager in the morning and tell him what had happened, so he offered to go get the guys name. After about 10 minutes while I am at The Canteen (BTW AWESOME bar with great customer service!) my bf calls me and wants me to come over. We argue for a bit and then I give in.  When I walk over the bouncer asks me to explain to him what happened. While I was he kept interrupting me and was like "NO, YOU need to UNDERSTAND we get asked a lot of stupid questions every night." Wow, so asking how VIP works is stupid hmm? Which, of course, I pointed out to him. Uhm, hi welcome to the service industry, you CHOSE to work this job. All I asked for was the bouncers name, I did not want to go inside and get a "free" drink I just wanted to know the guys name and he refused to give it to me. Then he accused me of being wasted and not knowing what really happened. That is when I pretty much gave it all up as a lost cause because I had had one vodka sprite.  I will NEVER return to Robbie Fox's again. EVER. And I tell everyone that if they want horrible service to go here.
We made the mistake of stopping here on my birthday last year. The inside was packed, as was the outside back bar. So we went to their side bar (which was much more open), they only served Blue Moon, Bud Light, and 3 kinds of Skyy Vodka. Instead of fighting the other crowds, we cut our losses and opened a tab there. Its started to rain, so we went inside to the only open space, the front dining area.   When we were ready to leave an hour later, my fiance went to close his tab at the side bar. It was closed. So he went to the back bar and waited another 30 mins for one of the bartenders to get to him. Turns out it was the guy we'd had at the side bar. He asked where he could close his tab since he had opened it at the side bar and that was now closed, the guy said "At the side bar." "But its closed, you served me over there." "I DONT HAVE TIME TO HELP YOU." and he went to the next person at the bar.  When my fiance went back inside, obviously pissed, he ran into one of our friends and told him what just happened. One of the bouncers overheard their conversation and asked " Did you get your card back?" They do the open tab agreement rather than keep your card. Since my fiance had the bouncer replied " Then just leave. That guy doesnt deserve a tip anyway."  Robbie Fox's: Rude bartenders, pretentious food, rad bouncers.
The bouncers are dickheads for no reasons. There are plenty of better places to go on Mill.
Good food and atmosphere during the day (lunch to happy hour). However, it gets ridiculous on the weekends. $10 dollars a drink that probably cost them $1 to make is absurd and straight highway robbery. Go for lunch, stay clear at night.
Used to love this place till I met the owner! Never going here again!
Oh Robbie Fox's, since your opening the taste in my mouth has been pretty lousy. I hate to say this because who dislikes an Irish Pub?   NUTSHELL: good for drinking - strong drinks, the bartenders and wait staff are OK.  The food is GROSS. The most recent attempt was for a Happy Hour - ordered, shriveled chicken fingers so fried up and curled into a breaded mess, humus with pita (STALE) and veggies, their little pig in a blanket (sausage in pastry) with mustard (the only tasty thing about this was the mustard), otherwise the sausage looked like the mutilated remains of a botched circumcision.   On a Friday/Saturday the place is packed and if you are looking for a place to surround yourself with the youth of Mill, here's a great place. If you are looking for the character of a pub - you'll get it, but it will be a scrubbed down, Disneyland version with high gloss finish and disgusting food.
The food was pretty good. I can't complain about the burger that I had, that's for sure! The service was terrible though. The place was empty and it still took a sever 10 min to make it over. While we were waiting three members of the staff, and a manager, were within 7 feet of us... Their view of us was not obscured. Yet it took walking over and asking to get any acknowledgment. The sever was rude and dismissive. It's a damn shame, because the cook is doing a great job in the back. Too bad the wait staff and manager can't handle their shit.
Since the management changed the place has gone down hill. Food is terrible. Never again. Used to be a regular but bad cold food killed any chance of me returning.
Well the down town Tempe location is great of course. The staff was great and I guess they just changed ownership. The menu was small the food was just so so. I had the shepherds pie , it was ok not bad. Wife had the corn beer and cabbage, the corn beer was like a steak not that tender.  We also had the corn dog sasusage which didnt look appetizing. It did taste better than it looked. Was kinda dark as I also seen the fish and chips that looked dark on the breading.  The people were great beer was cold.  They need to work on the food and menu. The sitting area in the inside was kinda weird.
Unfortunately I didn't get the chance to sample their offerings as the 'doorman' asked myself and my two friends if we wouldn't mind 'going some other place'. On asking why, we were told we were 'too drunk'.  An interesting observation given we hadn't been drinking???! On informing said knuckle dragger of this slight flaw in his argument, his response..."arh, ummm, arh...urghh".   Too many great pubs in this town who readily welcome sober, responsible folk, as such will not bother with this venue again.
I don't hate tourist spots. I don't.   I like meeting a rogue Aussie or Spaniard on the Royal Mile and getting to be the oh-so-knowledgeable local that can give them the details of 'the best pubs' or whatnot.   But this place is Prague in Edinburgh. English/Irish Stag-dos a plenty, backpackers under 21 and Canadian girls on the prowl. A line about 200 miles long for 1 pound pints of piss and 200 people I never want to meet or talk to in ever.   Not individually (I'm sure you're all a nice bunch of people), but it's one of those places where you think to yourself... this place would be way better if everyone in here dissapeared off the face of the earth.   I don't often say this about Irish pubs because, being from Boston, they're like home away from home... but if this is home - I am never going home.
This pub isn't to my taste, but then my tastes might not be to others tastes.  I can here when it was England V Scotland in the Rugby. It was mobbed. It's not a basement pub, but it felt like it was. Really low ceilings, low light, no windows. Absolutely full to the rafters, and a sports-type crowd. Nothing wrong with this, but not my type of crowd.  I dont feel any desire to come back here. It filled the job of sports-pub but didnt really seem to have any other appeal - good drinks, good music, good crowd.  If you want a pub to watch a game in, with lots of atmosphere (shouting, spilling beer, not my oxygen to go around) then this is your place. Just not my cup of tea.
TERRIBLE SERVICE!!  I wanted to like this place - was excited that there was a new Irish Bar, and convenient to our hotel room (at THEhotel).  Headed over there on our first day because there was an ad in our room for happy hour - buy a pint of Guiness, get a free shot of whiskey!    Unfortunately, when we asked for the happy hour special, the waitress wasn't aware of it.  We wound up talking to the manager, who said we had to have a coupon (apparently coupons were given to guests of other hotels, like the Luxor), and then said we must have been mistaken, and finally basically called us liars.  We asked if she would honor it if we went and got the ad, she agreed, so we made the trek back to the room, got the ad, and returned.  She did honor it, but we received no apology, no discount for our trouble, nothing.  We had planned on sticking around and having a few other beers, and some grub, but decided to just drink our Guiness and whiskey and leave.  The whiskey, Feckin, was, incidentally very good.  And, although it is in the "mall" between MB and Luxor, it had a decent atmosphere inside.  I just can't forgive the rude service, and we won't be back.  Maybe you will have better luck - my advice is be prepared to prove you are right about any advertised specials.
4.5 stars? Maybe if you've wandered the desert for 30 days desperate for a Guinness. Otherwise, a disaster.  I was just looking for fish and chips and a beer after a long day working a conference. So I sat at the bar on a Monday night and waited. Bar was sort of dirty and gross, took a while to get somebody to wipe it down. Employees are all Irish (or doing passable fake-Irish accents) which is sort of cute and sort of weird, like, do they all get flown over here for some sort of indentured servitude as part of an Irish government program? One can only hope.  Anyhoo, a waitress finally got to me and I got a Kilkenny and the fish & chips, Kilkenny was flat, which was disappointing. Fish & chips came quickly, and the fish was a massive portion and not bad (if a tad bland) but the fries were foul, greasy, cold and congealed. While I'm picking at the fish, a group of douchebags next to me gets into a conversation about the gays, how in San Francisco they're all "kissing on each other" in public, in Kentucky we don't have any of that, blah blah blah. Loud homophobes aren't a restaurant's fault but, you know, just portraying the spiraling ugliness of the evening.  It took a full half an hour to pay -- 15 minutes to get someone's attention, 15 minutes more since they were having some sort of problem with the credit card machine, which never did get worked out, I finally slapped down my last $25 in cash and got the fuck out of there.   Inevitably, later, I had the craps, and I don't mean Vegas-style.
Of all the meals I had while here for a week, this was my least favorite. Clearly the food here is good I think that I just ordered the wrong menu item (even though it was a server recommendation.) Salmon portion was generous but mashed potatoes, asparagus and Beurre Blanc did not measure up in the taste category. Friends had wings, chop chop salad and a burger, & sandwich. Lemon Drop was very good but second order had to be returned due to lack of sugared rim. Hey, it's what makes this drink so darn good. Here is the kicker, and it's a good one! In the front of the house they had a threesome playing Irish songs. They were good but it was piped into the dining area and made conversation nigh impossible. I get the check $192.00 for dinner for five, drink for each and they have tacked on $16.00 for live entertainment. I did not say anything, tipped 20% and left feeling ripped off. I have never had this fee added to a dinner check when the "house" is offering live music in another venue. Shame on you for the sneaky move to extract more money from unsuspecting tourists.
I wanted to like this place since I was 3 out 3 from Yelp recommendation. With four hours into dinner I was responsible to find a place for nine of us. They were nice enough to take our reservation. I ordered fish and chips. Sorry it wasn't that good. I remembered way back when my friend asked if my tongue gets spoiled from eating all the good food. I said no because I still enjoy Del Taco and Wendy's. It's not all together true. I'm sure it's not just me but when you tried something so good that becomes your bench mark. You wish you can find something this good and hopefully doesn't cost you an arm and a leg. The best fish and chips I was at Venetian. Fries are so perfected by your McDonalds and Wendy's that it's harder for mom and pop restaurant to follow suit.   Their chips were fries and they were soft same goes with their fried fish. The fish itself is not flavorful, sigh I wanted to like it so much since I love fish and chips.  For appetizer we ordered chicken wings and it were good only 8 pieces per plate though.  We waited almost 40 mins for our food. The waitress was nice and patient even though I was not. She keep asking, "are there anything else I can get you?" and I tell her, "yes, we like our food" I was feeling a bit a pressure since I'm the one bringing all my friends here and I wanted us to be served and fed properly.  I tried my buddy steak and it was cooked well, medium, pink, soft, and flavorful. Again it was served with cold, mushy fries. They also serve prime ribs didn't get to try that one but it must have been good since my friend cleaned it up  I like the ambiance if that's how Irish pubs are in Irish I'm cool with it. Love the live band playing Irish tune. I like how restaurant stay true to their culture and identity.   Pro: Ambiance Friendly waitress Ruben sandwich was good a little much on butter but the meat was done well. Do order the ruben sandwich over fish and chips  Con: Food takes  too long to get to our table My fish and fries were not crunchy and fish has little flavor like it was thawed last night. With any seafood items it's best if it's caught in the morning and serve right away. Anything frozen or serve over a day old the freshness is compromised.
After having an amazing time at Nine Fine Irishmen my friend and I decided to try this irish bar.  We went back to Nine.  It was totally boring in here.  I felt like I was in an old folks home.  The band was slow, boring and just plain bad.  The service was ok.  The bar itself is pretty nice and has a cool selection of whiskey on the walls.  But the thing of it is it just wasn't that fun.  I'll be going back to Nine thank you very much.
Totally in the mood for fish and chips. So where else should I go while staying at Mandalay. So I ordered the fish and chips and a Guinness and its MEH not extraordinary just a basic gut fill of soggy fries and ok fish that was huge like whale size.   Service was good but they were really pinchy on the tarter sauce and when I asked for more it literally took 15 min to arrive. All in all I won't be going back. And please place a shamrock on the pour or don't call yourself traditional Irish.
I have rarely met an Irish Pub (in Ireland or elsewhere) that I did not like and believe me, I tried to like this Ri Ra location, as I love the Charlotte, NC and Arlington, VA versions. Sadly, it failed on several counts and was- at least the time I visited - another example of some places on the Strip that send out the vibe, "We cater to tourists and don't necessarily expect to see you again, awesome experience or not."  I was there with a party of three and two of us had been to other Ri Ra pubs. So we were very much looking forward to a high level of service, Irish authenticity and awesome food. We got the authenticity (Irish accents, Gaelic menu items and Guinness served at just the right temperature) but the other two aspects were lacking.   To service: We waited for 15-20 minutes (in a 1/2-full restaurant on a Sunday afternoon, so not really busy) to get our order taken and then some 15 minutes thereafter were told that one of our entrees was out and we'd need to choose another. So 40 minutes in, we received the food (in fairness and to the server's credit we were not charged for the replacement entree.) But until the food came, other wait staff and our own waiter rushed past, ignoring eye contact and giving us the feeling that they'd get to us eventually.  To food: The quality was not up to the standards of other Ri Ra locations- in terms of presentation and also in ingredients- and the portion size was also smaller than what I knew from other locations. Also, because of the wait for the one entree, the other two were served lukewarm, i.e. it was clear they'd been prepared and sat while the other entree was cooked later.   There are plenty of good Ri Ra's across this great land and several good Irish Pubs on the Strip, but for now, the Ri Ra in Vegas isn't on our list for a return visit for a while.
We ordered the mussels, PUB WINGS (Jameson honey glaze $9), STEAK + CHIPS  (a 12oz NY Strip, roasted mushrooms & onions, hand cut chips, Gaelic steak sauce $25.95) and MUSHROOM RISOTTO ( with leeks, asparagus $15.95)  The mussels were "okay", nothing amazing.  The wings had almost no flavor at all except for a hint of sweetness.  The NY strip was cooked correctly, but had a ton of grizzle.  The chips (fries) with the NY strip were cold and greasy.  They brought a new order of fries that were hot, but the grease was overwhelming.  The mushroom risotto was sticky and starchy with little flavor.  Overall, one of the worse restaurants I've been to, regardless of the location.
Terrible food and way to loud for the size of the bar with the band. Plus a couple of us got sick immediately after. I would not recommend this.  What did we get?   Myself - Irish bangers with Mash and Peas. Sausages I think were precooked. Something slightly off. Mash seemed powdered but the peas were good. I got cramps after though so I know the food was off because we were totally fine before dinner.  Wife - Soup (was green, split pea? I dont recall) - got cramps and worse immediately after dinner that resulted in her running back to the room. Very bad.  Friends wife - she ordered risotto and it came gummy and funky. Definately not cooked to order. Sent back to kitchen. She shared her husbands fish which I guess was ok.  Friend - Fish and chips. Seems like the only one to get a relatively safe meal. I guess the deep fryer kills the salmonella or whatever was getting us all sick.  Over all for being in the Mandalay, this place is in serious need of a food inspection. That we got sick eating here is BAD.   Not recommended ever. Maybe beers. Service was ok, but way too damn loud for a small irish band (coming from a guy who plays in bands no less) in a small space. it was uncomfortable and just kinda lame.
I had the reuben sandwich.  It was terrible.  Incredibly dry.  I could not chew it enough times.  After gnawing my way through half the sandwich, I gave up.  Not only was it drier than the Nevada desert, I thought it tasted a bit weird.  I smelled the 1000 Island dressing on the other half of the sandwich and it smelled as if it were beginning to turn.  I had the sweet potato tots as a side.  They were soggy and tasted of bad fryer oil.   My friend had a cup of soup that tasted like nothing but salt.  Disgusting.    This place was terrible.  The bartender was friendly enough, but how he can sling this garbage food with confidence, telling you it's delicious, I have no idea!  The only thing that was palatable was the Jameson-neat!
This review is for the late night menu.  I am thankful that this place was open so late given that their location turns into no-mans-land late night.  The thanks end there. The place was dark and not well-kept, the staff weren't the friendliest and they produced what may have been the worst food I have ever eaten that wasn't served in a box with a yellow M logo on it. I have the cheeseburger and the gyro wrap. They were both crap. I know the irish aren't know to be keen on the culinary, but bacon bits on a burger? Seriously?  Blah!
The food as awful and the music is sad....overall this place is a dump.
I was unimpressed with their measly house "Ri Ra salmon and spinach salad".  I don't even think it was big enough to be a side salad, let alone an entree. Bleh!
I really liked this place. Friends were staying at the Luxor so we ended up here 3 nights in a row. To eat and have one or two drinks the three of us never got out of here for less $200. But the food was good, and so was the atmosphere, so we didn't mind. When we went in there our last night I was kinda broke. I read on the menu that Jameson was $6 a shot. I got it because it was so cheap. When we moved to out table and got a server a ordered a few more. When the bill came they charged $10 a shot (plus the live music tax, plus 23% gratuity, plus alcohol tax). It was far more than double what I thought I would be paying. I told the server the menu at the bar said $6 a shot. He said no way. I said I'll go get it and show you. He said he'd go get it. He came back with the menu and said it says $8, but our prices go up all the time so you have to pay $10. Slammed it, and walked off before I could ask to see it. So I did. Then as I was walking out I had to look, because I knew it said $6. Sure enough. I tried to flag our server down, and he literally ran in the back. I asked another server to get him. They came back and said he went home. I asked for a manager, and they said there wasn't one. All the bartender would do was give me another shot after standing there yelling at my cousin and I for 5 mins. Any place that employees people that will straight out lie to customers, bait and switch customers, and yell at customers gets 1 star (even though their chicken sandwich may be the best thing I've ever eaten).
I know I am may be in the minority on this topic but I hate live music at bars and pubs.  It is always far too loud.  It is especially bad when it is a band attempting to be Irish singing songs from all genres.  I would have moved on, but others in the group were starving and could not wait to find a new place.  The bar its self is a decent place.  There are a few different seating areas.  The hostess did do her best to seat us as far away from the music as possible.  The food is ok.  I ordered the chipper chips with cheese and bacon.  They come with a malt vinegar mayo, which is a nice touch.  The chips are large steak fries.  They are covered in a decent amount of cheese and bacon.  The service is ok.  The staff is generally friendly.  I am not sure if they are made to force an Irish accent, but it does not work for some of them.
Irish music fail. We were served fried potatoes cooked well before we ordered them. When the manager asked me how things were and I told him about the poor quality of the food he was dismissive of my complaint. I was taken aback by his intimation  that I didn't know what I was talking about, that I was wrong.  He asked me how the problem could be fixed and I said the order should be taken off my bill.  He conceded and agreed to remove the order from my bill, but then proceeded to openly mock me for my complaint! I called him on his mocking tone, and he behaved himself thereafter. No one needs this kind of crap when they are in Las Vegas expecting to have a pleasant evening.
My wife and I decided to try this place after reading several positive reviews on yelp. We arrived on a Sunday afternoon just in time to catch the last part of the morning football games, and I was happy there were plenty of televisions throughout the restaurant. Although the atmosphere was fun and inviting, the food was not very good.  My wife and I opted to go with their special of the day- a shepherd's pie that featured prime rib pieces throughout and a gravy made with Guinness beer. Sounds good -right?  Who doesn't like prime rib and beer?   Um, no. We were served a bowl of slop with a bite or two of prime rib fat. Gross! The meal wasn't good, and the fake accents were worse. Seriously?   I would comeback to this place for beer and football. However, I'll make sure I eat somewhere else first.
Very loud sound system. You can't talk to friends even if you're in the back room. We may have ordered badly but the Ceasar salad had tasteless dressing ( although the lettuce was crisp and the croutons were yummy). Crab cakes were not very good, but shame one me for ordering them in an Irish pub. Food going to other tables looked really good. Service ok not stellar.
Come for the beer, not for the food.
This place was horrible. We came in a large group and the food quality was pretty bad and was not cooked properly. We started with a few appetizers, pub wings, mac and cheese (entree but ordered for the table), tenders and potato cakes. Out of everything so far the mac and cheese was the best.   Four of the nine ordered the porterhouse steak medium rare. When they all came out they were medium well to well done, completely dry, and no flavor at all. The few people that ordered fish and chips said it was good but I wasn't able to try.   The desserts were pretty bad as well. The brownie sundae was burnt when it was microwaved and hard. The guiness cake was decent.   If we didn't have show plans for the night we would have went to lawrys instead, but now we know to never come back.
An unannounced "live music" charge added to our bill? Really, Ri Ra?? Is this even legal to tag this fee onto a bill with no fore-warning? This seemed a little shady...
Not impressed.  Convenient location.  Decent food.  Salad was good.  How hard can it be to make a black and tan that is black....  and tan?
Un peu du. Je m'attendais  quelque chose parfait aprs avoir lu toutes les critiques, mais finalement je me suis retrouv dans un endroit uniquement touristique.  Dommage parce que le cadre est vraiment top avec ce pub import d'Irlande, mais bon, apparemment le personnel ne suit pas, dommage...
The atmosphere was great - went for dinner before concert @ Mandalay but the bartender was slow - took 15 minutes to get a martini! & inconsistent - 2nd martini was terrible. The food was awful as well - everything we ordered was over-cooked - halibut was dry, risotto was like big ball of dough & "chips" (fish & chips) were soggy.
Party of three. Ordered the Guiness stew, shepherds pie, and corned beef. It wasn't bad but also not great. Pretty much like a meal you would cook for yourself at home: good, but not worth $70.
The boyfriend and I came here this past weekend looking for a late/early am dinner. They have a different late night menu, and this review speaks only for that:  We sat down in the front to avoid the sad Irish band playing in the back, and had to go to the bar to request table service. We were starving so we ordered the curry and chips to start, both of which I believe may have been microwaved, but decent enough for me to eat in my ravenous state. For entrees I ordered the Reuben, which was yummy, but came with sad chips, and my boyfriend ordered the burger - it was PATHETIC! I have not seen a burger this sad since I left elementary school, a lukewarm brown patty sitting between two pieces of dry bread. My poor, hungry, boyfriend didn't eat it, and we left.   Also I ordered a Guinness and Smithwicks, and the waitress brought me one of each. When I acted surprised to have gotten two beers, she told me I should have ordered a "blacksmith," and walked away, mind you I never saw a drink menu. Weird. I drank both. YUM.  This place gets one star for Guinness and Smithwicks on tap, and one star for the reuben. But, I don't recommend going here for a late night meal, you will be disappointed.
Watered down beer, horrible entertainment that's so loud you would think they are performing at a stadium, un-seasoned food, and to top things off, rude service.  How do you get fish and chips wrong?  Order them here if you want to find out.
We went to this place on a Friday night, yes it was late but the place was open and had a band, seemed to be busy but no overly busy. We were seated at a tiny table right behind the band, since it was so loud we asked to be moved to the back. The hostess grudgingly did that, she was not friendly at all and seemed put out. We waited 20 minutes and never got served, never even saw any wait staff. Really? Never go here again, in any city.
Whenever I see a couple of reviews with one star ratings I realize the the 4 and 5 star reviewers don't get out much. I did not review this place before eating there because I was invited as a guest. I am writing this review because it was that BAD. The waiter was obnoxious and blamed the slow food service on the kitchen and the slow drink service on the bar. One of the people at the table ordered Shepperd's Pie and when informed the had none he said I really wanted Shepperd's pie, the waiter said well I really want to be off right now so what. It was lunch time and it took 2 hours to get drinks and lunch. Plus the place was dead. I had the Reuben and was looking forward to a good one. This was absolutely the worst Reuben I have ever had. So, Poor Service, Poor Food, I would give this place a zero star if it was available. I want to update this review. I gave it one star originally and within 2 hours of posting my review the manager contacted me to ask who our server was and to apologize. This speaks volumes to caring about his business. So I am adding a star. I will return next year to take him up on his offer of seeing that my first experience was the exception not the rule. Being a business owner myself I realize that sometimes a rogue employee can ruin the customer experience and that it is not necessarily the rule of the business itself.
Bummer...  My step dad really likes this place for his power lunches, so we finally came with the whole family. He ordered his favorite thing (sausage rolls) " a must have!" He says....10 minutes later the manager comes over and says they don't have them prepped yet in the kitchen, "it's too early", uhhhh it was 1:00! Don't have it on your LUNCH menu if it won't be ready till dinner. My husband and I are both chefs here in town and I coulda gone back there and done it in 5 minutes! How hard is it to wrap some dough around an order of sausage?   Mussels appetizer- mom gave me a bite, and lucky me got a  rotten mussel which I spit out into a napkin and smelled up the whole table so bad, I had to put the plate with one mussel on it on the table next to us. I'm pregnant and this really was horrifying.   House salad with blue cheese dressing- dressing tastes like it came from a bottle of wishbone   Fish n chips- gross! Tarter sauce can't be home made, incredibly thick and overly  sweet, I had to add 3 lemon wedges to one ramekin to make it "edible"   Reuben- sister ordered it with sweet potato fries which turned out to be over cooked and brown sweet potato chips. I'm sorry but when your menu says fries, people want fries, there's a huge difference. She said the sandwich was good though.   Volcanic wings- the highlight of the meal, nice and crispy but hardly volcanic. Again, home made dressings is where it's at and this place doesn't seem to have it.
Met up with the #evfn group here on Friday night.  The group was fun but the venue not so much.  Most of the food was good but not outstanding, and the veggies I got were burnt and so was the roll.  Service was slow and spotty.  We had to ask for things several times, and then to get stuck with a gratuity on top of it was the final straw.  Maybe next time they will get it right, but so far I'm not impressed.
Oh Molly, Oh Molly, where art thou Oh Molly. We've only tried this place ponce since the closure of Molly Braniganns. Not much has changed except for poor food. The atmosphere is still about the same. You do get an English bar feel when inside, but the food has gone south. If you're out for drinks only and can take advantage of their happy hour, it might be for you.
To cap off a night in the east valley (what the hell is wrong with me?) we stopped at Shakespeare's.   The first thing I noticed is the obviously Irish motif. Celtic writing on the walls, mostly Irish feel, and even some Irish specialties on the menu. The restaurant, however, is supposed to be an English pub???? I understand this is the old Molly Brennigan's and they bought it, so I ask why not either keep it an Irish pub, or if you want an English Pub, remodel it?  Anyway, they had one guy working, and the place was full of soda drinking, apparently underage mormon girls singing bad disney songs on karaoke. I wanted to leave but my friend who lived in the area said it was the only choice around. Ok, I'll stick it out, we can make it fun.   When after the first round, we didn't see the bartender for upwards of 20 minutes, we took it upon ourselves to grab our own beers, and got our money out and still planned on paying the $4 per beer AND leaving him a tip just to keep him happy. He must have seen us during his karaoke escapades because he ran over and told us to leave. I reminded him (I was sober) that I told him I'd get my own beer if he didn't come back and he politely said ok. I didn't know it was illegal and I took him seriously when he said it was fine. Oh well, this place is bad service and a confused identity. Teach me to go out in Mesa, right?
Stopped in the first time a few months back to see The Insomniacs perform.  Service was less than desirable but the place was busy so I let it pass.  The 14oz. beers they call "Pints" were also a little disheartening when I got the bill & discovered how much I was paying for them.   Decided to give it another try last week & was even more disapointed than on the 1st visit.  We sat down at a table and ordered drinks with the lunch special cottage pie.  The place was almost empty and the service was still terrible!  Never saw our server again! We decided to move to the bar for better service, which was much better.  Despite better service at the bar, our food took 45min. to arrive, and arrived cold.   I asked to speak to a manager the bartender identified as Sean.  As you might guess he never came by.  He did however walk by a few times giving us strange looks?  The bartender said he was also cooking/busy & that he wasn't very good at it.  OK!  The place gets 2 Stars for the nice ambiance and a good beer selection, even if the glasses are only 14oz.   They obviously put ALOT of money into building the place. How about the food, service & a REAL pint of beer?  We live fairly close to Shakespears & might come more often if they got on their game.
I used to frequent this place when it was Molly Brannigans, and enjoyed the great service. The food was well priced, and the place was always fairly busy.   When it changed to Shakespeare's I was curious and stopped in. To my dismay the food was more expensive, and the service was lacking. I ordered my usual (fish and chips, and a couple bears) and was happy with the food, and not so happy with the price.   Fast forward to tonight, Me and my Fiance decided to try it again, as we had a event that called for some celebration. We walk in to see a white piece of paper with "Bathrooms for Customers Only" sign on the nice door.   We then entered at waited at the hostess stand for a good 7-10 minutes. The bar tender seen us, but ignored us and was more interested in talking to two women at the bar. Finally a hostess/waitress sat us.   We waited another ten minutes or so and I observed that she was the only waitress working, and she also had about 5-6 other tables (with parties of 2 or 4) to attend to. In addition she was the hostess.   I asked her if she was the only waitress working, and she confirmed. We then thanked her, and stated we would go elsewhere.   I guess the important lesson here is that in a "down economy" raising prices on the same food that was available at the same place, just with a different name, and skimping on customer service is a bad decision when your best menu items are priced moderately. If I go to a place to eat, and the meal it going to run me upwards of 45-50 dollars, I expect service to match. Once again I was sorely disappointed given the past great experiences I have had when it was Mollys. I will not attempt to eat here again, there are places that value their customers, and are more eager to deliver a pleasant experience.
Really disappointed about this place.  My girlfriend and I were looking forward to this restaurant mainly because they sell Scottish (Celtic) eggs and it's close to where I live. However, let me say that this was the worst service I've ever received at a restaurant. After we ordered our food, I mentioned to the server the yelp discount and he just said "ok", and that was the last we saw of him. Some else brought out our food which wasn't nearly as great as the previous reviews claimed.  We waited over 30 minutes after we had finished eating and just wanted the bill. He would occasionally look in our direction and then walk away. We watched a table of 4 come in after us, get their food and check and left before us. We finally flagged over a waitress to at least get our check. We complained how bad our server was and she didn't have anything nice to say about that particular server either.  It was truly a disappointing experience. Probably never go back there again.
I would not suggest this place to anyone. I went here with a group of friends, and afterwards we all felt sick for the next day even though we had all ordered something different. On top of that, our waiter was not very interested in having us be there. We ran out of drinks, had our order taken wrong, and while we were waiting forever to get our check I went to go to the restroom and she was sitting at a table eating with one of the other waiters. And this was on a Friday at 6:30pm.
This pub is now an Irish Pub. The fish n chips was heavy and oily and I could have made my sandwich better at home.  I think this is the third or fourth change for this pub. Can't understand why a place with good location, good beer and possibilities of good food keep failing. Maybe it's because the food doesn't match.
The staff here is rude. I go there maybe once a month because my bf likes going there. So it's usually on a Friday night. There is one rude female bartender that acts so put off when someone wants to order a beer. Also, if your windows connecting the patio to the bar are broken, FIX THEM!!! You often feel ignored when you're here and trying to unwind from the week over some beers. All in all, it's just a horrible location for a bar. You can't see it from the road, plus the fact that it's changed business names three times now. Molly Brannigan's, then Shakespeare's, now The Harp. What's it gonna be called next? Ha! Oh and the bands are extremely WAY too loud. Especially if we're on the patio and the windows are closed because they are broken and I still can't hear myself think. This place just goes further downhill with each business name change.
Molly Brannigans, Shakespeare's Pub, and recently The Harp.  Same layout, same high prices, just never satisfying.  I don't think either the UK or Irish theme is working at this location, not sure why but the place just doesn't have any energy.  The food is heavy and the drinks are ok but overpriced.  I'm not sure what would work - perhaps a completely new makeover. A high end sports bar would be a welcome departure.
I came here for St. Patrick's Day and I must say I have experienced better even on a very crowded St. Patrick's Day. The bartenders were on point but the food didn't look that appetizing. I pondered getting the fish and chips but they just looked soggy on other patron's plates. Now this may be due to the hordes of people on St. Patrick's Day demanding fish and chips, so I'll have to give them another try on a less crowded day. For now, it was a 2 star experience.
HORRIBLE SERVICE - EXTREMELY RUDE MANAGER/OWNER. ASKED TO LEAVE UPON PAYING....  My husband and I and a group of 4 friends decided to go here for St. Patty's Day.  We arrived early to get a table and avoid the crowd.  We ordered drinks and dinner bringing our bill to over $200.  As soon as we paid our bill our waiter asked us to leave.  We were shocked, as we had hoped to hang out, have more drinks and enjoy the band.  We asked to speak to the manager.  The manager, who is also one of the owners, was ruder than the waiter.  He told us he needed the table.  After spending so much money we could not believe the service we were getting.  I would NOT recommend this to anyone.  I have never been asked to leave a restaurant I was still spending money at.  The purpose of getting there early on St. Patty's was to get a table and hang out.  I will never go back!
Thought I'd give it another try, hoping they'd made an effort to improve on their food.  They haven't!
Met a friend at The Harp Pub & Restaurant today 7/26/12 during Happy Hour 3-7pm. We asked our server what was their specials during happy hour, which he promptly explained about the beer, wine and well drinks along with "all" the appetizers. First issue: when the bill came there was no happy hour price for our Celtic Platter. When we asked why he said, "oh yeah, well yeah, that one is not on the Happy Hour menu."  Next issue: we had the bill split between my friend and I but when he brought mine he said, "Ooops, I sort of charged you wrong the 1st time I ran your card ($26.+) so I ran it again and that "should" void the 1st charge and then I ran it for the correct amount." I asked him for a voided transaction slip and that's when he told me about him running the card again for the $26.+ which would hopefully void out. At this point I wanted the manager aware of the issue and I also wanted confirmation that this would be cleared because if you total the amount my card was ran for it comes to over $71.00 for a $19.+ bill. All the manager, John, in all his arrogance, had to say was will it really hurt you if it takes 5 days to clear your bank. Well John...YES it will. I work damn hard for my money and I don't want someone else to tie up my money when I choose to use it. I plan to spread the word about The Harps, rude manager and his lack of understanding along with the fact that his staff obviously have not been properly trained on their system. I work in a large company in the area and I hope this information spreads and hurts them so they learn this is not the right way to run a business.  By the way...I was NOT looking for anything free or taken off my bill. The fact that the manager, John was rude and lacked understanding for the issue is what made me write this.
The Harp is a beautiful restaurant.  The interior is open and although there is a lot of dark wood it is not dark inside.  The wait staff is friendly and attentive but a little on the crude side.  It isn't uncommon to hear f-bombs, or have the staff yell across the bar to one another.  The beer selection is very good but can be spendy.  My friend had the bangers and mash.  He enjoyed the potatoes and gravy but did not care for the sausage.  Personally, I thought the sausage was fine.  The gravy was OK but it wouldn't surprise me if it was from a jar.  I had the Turkey Rachel.  At first I really liked it, but then I had a strong aftertaste of raw onion and pickle.  The 1000 island dressing with the coleslaw did not work for me.  After the first half I didn't want to eat anymore.  The fries are lightly battered and ice and crispy.
Went here for a friend of my girlfriends birthday, the drinks were okay but everything else was miserable except the company. We ordered our appetizers and dinner and the irish nachos were pretty good, but then we waited. And waited. And waited, while we waited. While we waited our waiter, bald guy with a beard (he never gave a name), was nowhere to be found and it wasn't busy maybe a quarter full. After an hour, when more people showed up, he finally showed up again and asked if we needed anything else. Yeah apparently he never put the food order in (the reason kept changing) said it would be right out as there were no orders in. Cut to half an hour later. The fish and chips were horrible. Greasy and tasteless. Will never go here again. Would much rather drive an extra 10 minutes and go to Darcy McGee's or the Thirty Lion.
Have been going here occasionally since before it was the Harp.  Always had decent food. Last friday, I went there with some family and the food was absolutely terrible. How can you really make fish and chips terrible? Well, they did. The coleslaw was old and awful. Fish sloughed off the breading, which was meley tasting and entirely came off the fish which tasted old and nasty. Take it from me, don't bother eating here. Place is dingy and dirty.
We were in a party of 11, waited at our table for at least 20 minutes before the waitress ever showed up. She was pretty bad the whole night. We would easily go for 30 minutes before she would check on us. Lots of empty glasses the entire night, and they stayed on the table all night along with about half of our dirty plates.  Wrong drinks several times, forgot to put one of our food orders in, and didn't realize it until she brought everybody else's order out. Kept saying it wasn't her fault and was trying her best. In all fairness to her, i got the impression she doesnt normally serve tables. Shepherds pie was good, fish & chips was not. Long John Silvers would have been much better.   Now to the "entertainment". Why would you have dueling pianos in an Irish pub?  I will never understand it. And they were awful. I mean really bad. Horrible even. The only thing worse about this place than the service and entertainment was the acoustics. Before the crappy, extremely loud Elton John and Eagles covers you could barely talk across the table.  After they started you could barely hear yourself talk much less converse with the person in the next chair.   This place sucks.
I want to like this place. I really do. It's in a great location, there's plenty of outdoor seating...but...I just didn't like it. The food was ok. The service was...ok... Maybe a 2.5 star overall, but not a 3.  We ordered the Bruschetta Flatbread and the Pesto Chicken. Both of which weren't bad, but nothing extra special. The broccoli tasted a little fishy to me (and I don;t mean weird, I mean "fishy"), like they cooked it in the same water they cleaned the cod out in.   The service was ok, our server wasn't overly friendly and when we asked him for ideas or suggestions since it was our first time, all we got was a "um yeah, everything is good here".   Also, the food is a little pricey for what it is.  Overall, it was ok if you are in a pinch or if the line at Costa Vida next door is too long (which is why we went in).
This review is for the Fish N Chips that have now become way BELOW average. last 2 times in the Fish has been rubbery and cooked badly. So this last visit, I just returned the fish, finished my set and left...and I wont be back. For the price you pay and for the awesome location they are in, I expect FAR better quality of food. no manager even came out to inquire of what the situation was, so I guess I'll use a yelp review to do that.   I went to Rosie McCaffery's yesterday, a night and day difference in the Fish n chips! same fish, just cooked the right way.
My wife and I saw this place featured on the local Mesa city channel one day and they were bragging about their fish and chips. So we decided to give it a go. We get there and are seated at a bar table we were not asked if we wanted something else. but I figured Fri. night, the place was kind of busy. I saw a table tent stating happy hour was 3-6 it was close to 6 so I asked the waitress if we still had time for HH; she stated is it 7' O clock? which I said no but your sign here says 6, she said it was wrong; I said that makes thing very confusing. My wife and I ordered bloody marys and they were horrendous. My wife couldn't even finish hers. We ordered our meals. I saw what I was to believe all you can eat fish and chips and my wife ordered soup. She was brought her soup which was a little to thick for what was supposed to be leek and potato soup.  She wasn't offered any bread or roll or crackers with her soup. My fish and chips came and they were good and when I ordered some more, all I got was fish. I was told I would have to pay extra for the chips. So I got a piece of fish in a wire basket and the paper they use bleeds onto the fish turning it red.. I asked her to bring it on another plate and she looked put out. After we paid, I asked the bald gentleman at the hostess station if he was the manager. he said he was. I asked to see a menu and was about to point to the fish and chips special before I could even get out what I was going to say. I was cut off abruptly by him saying it's all you can eat cod not all you can eat cod and chips. I was OK but it's confusing and you should have your waitresses explain that before they take the order so we know if we want more chips they are extra; He was definitely a prick about it. I just know I will not go back if that's they way they treat customers.  I hope someone from the Harp upper management reads this and takes action
Friday night - 7PM, place is half empty - clue #1.   Just wanted a quick dinner as we had to get to the airport to pick up relatives.   Decided on onion soup and a chicken curry pasty.    The onion soup was microwaved for sure!   The broth was so hot, we had to wait ten minutes to eat it.  By then, the crusty bread that was supposed to be inside was a lump of soggy paste.   The melted cheese was not browned in the oven like it should be.  it was DEFINITELY melted via the microwave - clue #2.    The pasty was not fresh.   The crush was floppy (again warmed in the microwave), and it had a hint of refrigerator taste.   I ate the inside of mine as I was starving but my husband barely touched his.  Strike - #3.   When we asked the waitress about it she said they are not made fresh every day, i.e. they are made about twice a week.  I mentioned that we expect our food to be fresh and she said she would tell someone.  She came back with the bill and there was no discount offered.  We asked her why and she disappeared.  10 minutes later, a man who we assume is the manager, stopped by with no expression of regret and just handed us the bill saying "here you go"!  They took 50% off of the pasty which is fine, since I had eaten some of mine, but he should have spent time with us trying to understand why we were unhappy.  We will NOT be back and I warn you that unless you want to drink in a somewhat authentic looking English pub, there are so many other choices nearby.    The place is not pricey but that is no excuse for cooking in a microwave.
Worst service ever! We sat at a table on a Saturday afternoon and had two servers walk past us multiple times before we actually had to say something to get any acknowledgement. We ordered drinks, 2 waters, 2 iced teas and two mixed drinks.  After a while one water and 2 teas showed up. The ladies dining the tea had a hard time telling it was even tea and one of them had a curious floral taste to it. They were just horrible, watery and barely tea. When we told the waitress she said "oh yeah i've heard that complaint before, we just have bad tea here". WHAT?!? The mixed drinks were bad too.  We left without ordering anything else and went across the center to TQLA for much better drinks and service.
Very disappointed in the service tonight. My friend and I went out to have an early dinner. Took a while for one of the hostesses to come over or acknowledge we were there. Place was fairly vacant, so not hard to get a seat. We had ordered beverage when I noticed that a family behind us had a child with a very loud tablet. Nothing educational, just loud music. The music overhead was also loud. I asked 2 ladies at the hostess stand if the family could turn down the music as it was hard to hear both without getting a headache. They looked at each other, one walked away. The other just stood there. The other came back and said, kinda rudely, that they were not comfortable asking the family, but they would turn down the overhead music. We questioned this and they basically told us the other family were regulars and their child used the music for education (the child was disabled). This wasn't educational music, just loud, downloaded music. The woman then said "we can move you to the back room". And not in a nice way. We did choose to move, but then, once seated, we're told the kind of beer my friend wanted wasn't available. After basically being told that because we were not regulars, our feelings didn't matter, we decided to leave, evening off to a real bad start.  Had the lady said hey, I understand, how about we just move you, it might have been a much better experience. But first not onlywere we told we had no importance but then told were told we were being relegated to the BACK ROOM. What could have been a non-issue they made into one. We left at that point without dinner.  Sorry, I will never go back, and I spend a lot of money eating out.
thought I would come here again just to see if things have changed...nope, employees are still SMOKING right outside in the patio area...who the hell likes second hand smoke wafting all around your face...especially if it make you gag? If you wanna smoke, totally YOUR CHOICE, but If I need to FART, or BURP really loud, Im not gonna do it in your face to where you can hear or smell it....do me the very same SOLID...smoke somewhere else!   NOT COMING BACK....EVER
I'm underwhelmed by this place. The food is okay.  The service is SLOW!  Overall an okay experience, but I'd recommend going elsewhere in the area.
I received a response from the owner from my last comments. Darren, you missed the point entirely. We didn't leave because it was loud, we left because of your rude waitstaff. Until you realize that there are more than a few people out there that feel the same way, things won't improve. We never asked that the childs tablet be turned off, we asked if it could be turned down, a reasonable request. The beer we ordered was not available, just adding to our disappointment. I have 40 years in customer service, that was really not a fun experience. Sorry, but that was my feelings.
Been at this place for  happy hour, and it was okay. Took some extended family there for lunch on Saturday and had the worst waiter ever. Rude, slow service, and completely ignored, and it wasn't that busy.   I have been in the service industry and it was obvious this waiter was not happy with his job. We still left a 15% tip, but I will never go back. It was embarrassing and everyone was disappointed.
We've come to the Harp from time to time over the last few years. They do have impressive fish and chips (and coming from the land-o-fishfry that's sayin something). BUT...the service is always spotty and the rest of the food is just meh. We had a nice size group tonight for a reserved going away party. The restaurant was pretty empty except for us so one would think we would have attentive staff. Nah. This waiter was so uninterested he hardly interacted with any of us, nevermind a smile or eye contact. I'm also just gonna be blunt and say the food was just bad tonight. The Guinness fondue seemed like it was canned nacho cheese with no beer flavor. The pretzels served with it were under baked and tasted old, not to mention a small portion for 10 bucks. The potato boats were average, but again small for that much money. My Reuben sandwich was just ok and underwhelming...at least toast the bread!  If it wasn't my pal's going away party we wouldn't have stayed as long as we did and I can pretty much guarantee we won't be back.
Terrible service. Changed tables and not sure if it was just busy or they don't really have set tables, but waitress didn't come around for at least 20 min. and there is a waiter that has been there for awhile that always looks like he wants to fight. He didn't stop to ask if we needed anything for at least 20 min after walking by several times. We have been in several times, and there always seems to be a problem. On a positive note, they did give us $5 off for 1/3 of our mussels being closed up. If you know it's going to be a busy day with USA soccer, you should put more staff on. Won't be going back :(
Ah the harp *laughs* I have been here a few times and have been meaning to write a review. The first time was years ago and it was named something else they had some amazing fish and chips. The service was great and the place was hardly loud or busy.   The next time was for my birthday with my father maybe two years ago. The food was ok not great but it was maybe a three star. The service hahaha a joke the guy and my dad hit it of but he proceed to make me feel bad cause I was drinking to much water and he thought it was "weird." He then went on to joke about a ren fair group there having a party that he had seen enough cleavage from a fat girl to last him a life time. Well I am not skinny it made me feel like shit, that he would say that in front of any one let alone a " fat girl."   The last straw was when my friend had her birthday meet up there. We where the only ones in the front part, and a real real bad singer was playing in the back. The server took are orders brought us beer and appetizer and proceed to ignore us while he drank at the bar and went out to smoke possible weed we could smell it on him. 45 mins later after are meal orders did not come we waved him done. He forgot to put in are meal order! Instead on maybe comping the meal or drinks he offered us booze? At that time we all had two or three beers and need to drive home so declined. Which we told him why. When the food came 20 mins later it was not worth the wait. Greasy fish and chips and nasty salad. He then once again ignored us we had to wave him done for a check. And say that are food and booze were full price? That's fine but no apologies no trying to fix the bad service just ignoring us while he drank. Worse service, worse food I will never go there again how can they redeem themselves after that?
I had lunch here on 09/22/2011. The waiter immediately stated they only had a limited menu as their vendor did not come through with their food supply. I ordered the fish and chips which was terrible. The fish was very small, sparse and was extremely greasey. The chips were soggy and had way too much salt.  I did not complain, but the waiter apologized for the order and said he could not do anything to correct the order. He stated they have a new staff in the kitchen.  On my way out the female manager asked if I enjoyed my lunch. I informed her of my disappointing fish and chips and she just shrugged her shoulders.  This place is just like the previous place. The food and service suck.
We went the first night it was open. Some issues with the food. Ordered the salmon with sweet potato wedges. Came with mashed. When I told the waitress she said she would get the sweet potatoes. About 15 min later I got these greasy limp potatoes that tasted awful. I chalked it up to opening night. Very willing to give it another try.   We went back about a week later and we were told there was a 35 min wait. I saw lots of empty tables. When I mentioned this, the "hostess" rolled her eyes and said, "we don't have wait staff." Her attitude was awful. We did not stay. If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again. What a shame...We ate at this place under the old owner at least once a week....They need to do something about this gal if they are going to make it...
I was a big fan of Lis Doon Varna, the original restaurant that the building was built and housed for some years before its untimely closure earlier this year. It was the most authentic Irish restaurant I've been to in Arizona (see: *most*, though it couldn't be labelled *an* authentic restaurant) and I was really sad it closed. I thought I'd give the building's new owner a try and I can't help but compare it to Lis Doon on every level. The inside is completely the same - they must have acquired all the furniture and fixtures along with the unique building. They seem to have added some random photos and things on the wall (framed ink-jet print-outs of the Kennedy family add a touch of class) to make it theirs but it's mostly the same.  The menu is where things get really different. Johnny Fox's menu is a lot smaller and a lot less Irish. The prices (a bit on the expensive side) are about the same but it seems like it's all the usual "pub food" you find in "Irish" restaurants around Phoenix. Nothing original here and it makes me sad to see things like Alfredo sauce covered pasta on the menu. I opted for a cup of the shrimp bisque and the sausage roll appetizer with a bottle of Magner's while mom went for the cottage pie (misnamed Sheppard's pie on the menu) and house white wine. The bisque was very good and came in a small casserole dish with a handful of soup crackers on the side. The sausage rolls were AWESOME though I'm not sure what type of "sausage" they used - seemed a bit hot doggy but still tasted good. Those were filled with onions, mustard and baked in pastry dough and went well with my cider and bisque. The cottage pie wasn't anything special but was also good. Definitely not worth its $14 price tag, though. I could make better at home for around $5 in ingredients (and who gets the idea that food originally devised for poor people by poor people can be over $10 a plate?).   Service was decent though the waitress was super perky. Pro tip for customer service: If you're giving way more than you get back, maybe tone it down a bit. It just puts the customer off. We were also served the wrong table's plates  and the waiter said, "Ugh, *someone* is putting the wrong table numbers in!" obviously referring to our waitress. Very professional. The food also took awhile (the food wrongly served us would have been about the right time for restaurant food, but ours took another 15 or so minutes after that -  I could only assume ours had been served to someone else) though the waitress did pop by to say our food was on its way instead of leaving us hanging.  Over all, I will very much miss what Lis Doon Varna was and will not be back to this restaurant. The dcor alone is just simply not enough to make it worth my time. I'll keep a look out for some real Irish fun here in the desert (though I'm not holding my breath).
I got their chicken wrap. Very very bland. It almost tasted like taco bell actually.   I would give the decor 4.5 stars though.   Also tried the bread pudding, again, very very bland. Try famous daves bread pudding, no comparison.  I doubt I'll be back.
Tonight we went to this restaurant for the first and last time. The decor and atmosphere are good but the food is disappointing. We ordered the Shepard Pie and fish and chips. Nothing special and overpriced for the portion size. The food was much better when this restaurant was LVD.
Dined here with 3 other people. No one was happy. Waitress was clueless (new and untrained?) she wasn't sure what soda they offered. She brought the drinks about 10 minutes after we ordered them, saying "sorry I was looking for cups" My lemon on my water smelled like dirty kitchen rag.  Fries were nice and thick, but dry and soggy. Corned beef was hideous, very tough and rubbery. I sent it back for a fish and chips plate that was similar to what I get at CoCo's, but with the big soggy sponge fries. Highlight of the dinner, the company and my beer. We will never come back, unless it's only for drinks.
Tried the"all you can eat fish fry". it was served with a plate of fries and one piece of fish. We immediately requested more fish. 20 minutes later (when the rest of our group was finishing their meals) a second piece of fish was delivered. We were told that only one piece of fish could be served at a time. There is a 15 minute wait for each additional piece. Fish was delicious but not worth the wait for three pieces of fish.
Have eaten here 3 times now. First two were OK. Tonight we had the worst service I've had in a restaurant in years.  Over a half hour wait for appetizers. Wouldn't you know it, the entrees arrived about 3 minutes later. Hostess came by at about the 20  minute mark and asked how everything was. Mentioned the appetizers were taking forever. She took off toward the kitchen, We were encouraged. Never saw her again.  Drinks were empty for as much as ten minutes at a time. Finally, one of our guests asked for hot water and lemon while we were having a nightcap. Never came. We mentioned it as the bill was being delivered. Waitress rolled her eyes and said "I guess I'll have to get it myself."  By now, she's blamed the kitchen for the appetizers and entree's arriving almost together. Now it's someone else's fault the water never came.  Should have been pretty obvious to her by now that this hasn't been a very well handled dinner. No apology, no 'let me buy you a drink', no offer of desert or taking the appetizers off the bill as we didn't really have the chance to enjoy them. Never saw the concerned hostess again, Nothing. Can only assume this is considered business as usual for them. Won't be back.
Service Glacial (ignored by bar staff served by waitress from dining room while sitting at the bar). Cod & Chips good, Mushy Peas Great. Shepard's pie ok, portion small and seasonal veg cold. Over all not good & over priced.
Avoid this place like the plague.   I was a big fan of Lis Doon Varna and came here hoping it was basically the same place, just new ownership. Well it is not the same.  One of the things I loved about Lis Doon Varna was the fish & chips. I'm always game for fish & chips. Johnny Fox's Public House does a poor rendition. The fish & chips that Lis Doon Varna serverd were some of the best I'd ever had.   So when I came back to Phoenix for a visit, I was hoping to get my craving fulfilled. Well, It was a huge waste of time and money. I was first served under-cooked fish. I reluctantly asked for it to be redone. Even the 2nd plate was not cooked well. Fish was bland and the batter was tasteless. The tartar sauce was ok. The chips were not chips at all and also under-seasoned.   I was really disappointed.  The service was OK, but our server was a complainer and didn't seem to be enjoying his job. He was attentive enough, but shared way too much information about his personal struggles in life and at his job.  Anyway, the beer selection is good...so if that is what you are looking for, right on. Just don't order fish & chips.  Next time I'm in town, I won't return...and I won't recommend that you visit this place either.
Our first time to this place was not memorable at all. We walked in and wondered about with no hostess paying any attention. Finally I asked her, if we can sit in the bar. She waived us which direction to go, no offering take us there, or offering menus. We sat at the bar table for about 15 minutes and at least ten waiters, bus boys passed by us without any acknowledgement. So, we got up and walked out. Again, hostess did not say a word. It was not a busy night and that makes it even worse. We are not going back to Jonny Fox's again!
THEY RIPPED ME OFF SHAMELESSSS!!!!!!! The bartender brought my bill when I was ready to leave and he added 1 dollar per drink I guess he thought I was drunk or stupid!!!! When asked about it he said ah ah well I guess you got the in the biz discount at the bar? hhhmmmm bad idea to try this with afederal officer what a dork does his boss know he does this on A WEEKDAY!!!!!!!! wow never going back I sure hope i see him for breakfast at the joint soon. Be sure you check your bill and check what the REAL price for drinks are, how embarressing he must be to have to try to take people's money on an outside bar, I hope the popo that patrol the DUI alley by his bar get him one night -NO SHAME and then he didn't even ask if I wanted my change!!!!
Was there tonight  was seated around 6pm. Terrible service. Left after waiting  twenty minutes for the server to come back to take our order. Won't be returning.
The plus side is that it has a nice decor and is cleaner than a real Irish pub, well lit and the bar looked nice.  The bad side is that the food was not very good.  Seeing that I have eaten in both Irish and English pubs you don't expect the menu to be very extensive but you expect it to be good and provide a good value considering that you are supposedly are dining in a pub.  The menu and the prices reflect more of a higher range as far as prices, I would say higher than their  immediate competitors.  I had the Guiness and Beef Cobler which consisted of some beef stewed using Guiness for that was about the only flavor of it, the serving was about a cup and the flaky biscuit was more of a crumbly dry biscuit, the vegetable was some unseasoned  squash.  Luckily I only ordered the smaller portion and it was $8.00   My companion ordered the Shepherd's Pie, it did look better and tasted better than what I ordered and was the same serving size that I received, she requested mushy peas as her vegetable but they were out of them and gave her the same squash.  If you want the Irish pub experience go to Ireland, for this is an restaurant and not a pub, the food isn't very good and in my opinion overpriced for what you get.  I guess that explains why there was no problem getting seating during lunch time on a Saturday, the adjacent restaurants looked like they were extremely busy.
We went to Johnny Fox's today (Saturday) with a party of 8 for after dinner drinks and dessert.  The following review is broken into two parts, as we had two very different experiences.  The first half of the evening we were seated inside.  Although it was somewhat difficult to talk (the music was very loud), our server (Alex B) was great...she was very attentive, fun, and made sure to keep us well supplied with drinks. The drinks were tasty, reasonably priced and sized, and arrived quickly. I was the only one of us who actually ordered dessert, and went with the bread pudding.  It was pretty decent...nothing special, but tasted good, decent texture, and was presented very simply but nicely.  After a couple of hours, we decided to move outside to listen to the band that was warning up; they turned out to be a a blues band called The Blues Revue.  Although a blues band was unexpected at an irish pub, they were a lot of fun.  Sadly, our server outside (Thomas C) was nowhere near as attentive as Alex: even though Alex told him were were moving out there, we were ignored for the first 15 minutes outside until we finally got a busboy to get his attention.  Over the next 2 hours he stopped by our table twice; we saw him intentionally looking at us, then ignoring us when we tried to signal him over to order another round.  When we decided to leave, it was a nightmare trying to get our check and get my card run to pay for the bill...it took multiple requests and waiting for over 30 minutes to finish the process.  While we are leaving town and therefore won't be back regardless of the service, the three other couples with us all agreed that it was a disappointing end to the evening. One of the couples had regularly gone there since before they were Johnny Fox's (when they were Liz Doon Varna), but doesn't think they'll return.   So, in a nutshell the drinks were good, prices were ok (about $200 between the 8 of us over the course of the evening), and the service from Alex was great, but as it only takes one bad server to ruin a dining/drinking experience I'm rating it 2 stars.
Food was.... o.k.   Server was AMAZING. But the other servers were REALLY loud and running around like teenagers... Then some kid in a wife-beater came in, he kinda looked like a gang banger, he was talking to the staff and making it really obvious he worked there. I'm not an idiot and I know the people that cook that work at restaraunts aren't exatly the creme of the crop (hence why they are in food service) but to be so "in your face" that some thug with ghetto tattoos and penguin pants on is making your food... not cool. Not professional. Staffing behavior here needs to be re-evaluated.
This place is ok, but we probably wouldn't go back.  The good part is the nice selection of draft beers, and good friendly service.  However neither of us were impressed with our meals.  I had a house burger, which was rather thin, dry, and overcooked (ordered medium rare, they say they cook to order).  Not terrible but just a rather generic burger.  My wife ordered a spinach and cheese dip that had extremely little cheese.
So this place looked like it had the potential of relying on novelty without the quality to back it up, like so many other places in Phoenix that try their hand at originality. It turned out to be not so bad. It wasn't the greatest place I've been, it wasn't nearly the greatest Irish pub I've been, but it was ok. Not three stars A-OK, but just ok.   I'm not a huge fan of Irish pubs to begin with, just because there are so many of them in the Valley and it's hard to find one that has the deep character and history to make it a good pub. Most of them just rely on the novelty of being an Irish pub and fail to hold up. And it's always an Irish pub. It's like it's state law or something that if you open a pub around here it has to be an Irish one. However, this is one of very few places in the Peoria area that isn't a chain restaurant. Nobody does chains like the greater Phoenix area! So I wanted to try it.   On the outside, they did a great job making it look like an old Irish cottage type house. Very inviting compared to the strip malls around here. The inside was pretty cool. It had a lot of character. Plenty of books stacked in corners and in bookcases on the history and social aspects of Ireland. There was an entire wall of photos of JFK. So, in case you didn't realize that you walked into an Irish pub from the looks of the outside, there was no mistaking you were in one now. Aesthetic qualities.   Where this place failed, and one of the only reasons I didn't give it more stars, were the prices. Definitely priced too high for the type of place it is. I even went during happy hour, and the prices were still too high for a pint, and even for the food. It was quite disappointing since the website clearly states "Half off entire menu!" and that was not the case at all.   Go to this address: http://johnnyfoxspublichouse.com/  Look under the tab Events, and under the happy hour times you'll see it. Half off entire menu.   No, they had a very small menu with select choices from the main menu that were almost half off, but the entrees were also half sized. I hate it when they do that.   The beer was only a dollar off the regular price, but $3 well drinks. I got my staple, whiskey sour, which was a little on the sweet side. And they downsized my second one. Seriously. They brought it out in a smaller glass. Almost unnoticeable if you weren't paying attention. Maybe try that when I'm three or four drinks in. Not when I'm just starting. So I cut off the drinking at that point.   The only really impressive part to this visit was the bangers and mash dish I ordered from the happy hour menu at $8. It was smashing.   I can't see myself going back to this place, and that's mainly because of the prices. Too high for what it is. And also because of the false advertisement on the website. That was just irritating.
Three of us went to JF on the Saturday before St Patties to have an early dinner. There was a sign outside stating 2 for 18$ prime rib, potato, and soup. So they sat us at a table in the bar area. The tables are narrow and the seats didn't move so we all had to scoot forward which isn't so comfortable. The young waiter came to the table and did not welcome us or greet us, he just asked what we wanted to drink and left. So we ordered the prime rib, the funny thing is he asked how we wanted it cooked.  To my knowledge, prime rib is always rare??? Then he asked what we wanted on the potato, one of us stated fully loaded in which he stated, that's a two dollar upcharge. Then, I ordered a Caesar salad, which I never received... So the young man, with blonde hair told us how tired he was since he bought a jeep last night and went out in the dunes drinking...no excuse for poor service though. The meal was good, nothing special though.  Oddly enough, we never got our soup which was stated on the sign outside...maybe the guy who got my salad got our soup? I eat out everyday, and in Peoria its very competitive for your dollar. JF is in a building that another pub failed in...nuff said. I would email JF, but their website is under construction.  click on the picture to see the sign...never got the soup never got the salad johnnys  please respond to me
This is nothing like the previous Lis Doon Varna (which was arguably one of the best Irish restaurants in this corner of the valley) - only the building is the same. Very slow service, and the food was super greasy. One of the few pluses are the deserts and small portion options.  My daughter and I came in for lunch after an offsite school function. After getting an initial drink order in, it took quite some time for our server to return to take our main order.  We ordered Curry Chips as an appetizer. Comparing to our local Irish Wolfhound, the curry had good flavor, but was far too thin to adequately coat the fries.  I ordered a lunch portion Guinness and Beef Cobbler. It was bland and greasy. The Guinness flavor was there, but was overpowered by the amount of oil in the sauce. The puff pastry seemed like it had been prepared hours prior and wasn't all that warm.   My daughter ordered the Chicken and Leek pie. It appeared to be topped with a very hard biscuit. The pie contents were oily and bland (needed salt).  For both of our plates, the vegetable side had good flavor (sauteed with onions), but was also quite oily.   Once we had finished our meal (or were ready to box the remains), it took some time to get our server's attention for both refills and to order desert.  There was some redemption for desert. I ordered some bread pudding (to take home to my wife.). I took a few bites before packaging it up. The sauce was sweet and pungent of the whiskey used to make it. My daughter ordered something chocolaty that she claimed was heaven.  I suppose if they had some sort of live event where I was only eating desert and beer, I'd be compelled to return, but I wouldn't recommend this place for any sort of solid Irish fare for a main meal.
This barley got 2 stars. Took my family there for Mothers Day Brunch and although some of the breakfast items were tasty the rest was less than desirable. The table was filthy with gum under the chairs that you had to scoot in. The bathrooms were just disgusting. It was 100 outside and 85 inside. The server we had was sweet and attentive but the serving staff at the buffet were rude and presentation was not important to them at all. By the way assorted desserts really means some dry coffee cakes and nothing to write home about. Also they charged us for my nephew who should have been free and even Ice tea was not included in the brunch price. We will not being going back there. We did mention this to the Manager on our way out very politely and we just were looked at like we were crazy.. you win some and you loose some they just lost 5 customers :(
Can't believe this place is still in business.  We went to the Harkin's Theater for an evening movie and decided to have a later evening dinner after, reverse of our norm.   Upon leaving the theater we quickly realized that we would have to walk somewhere to eat dinner since the roads in the vicinity were in gridlock, the Peoria Stadium had just finished up their 4th of July festivities.  We were quite happy to see Johnny Fox's Public House on the end of the parking lot.  The outside of the building looked inviting so we decided to try it.  We were greeted by a very nice blonde hostess who quickly brought us to a cozy booth in the bar area.  As she sat us, she handed us 3 regular menus, and 3 "late night" menus (it was 10:05pm).  I excused myself and went to the restroom (which was far from clean).  On the back of the stall door and by the sinks I noticed posted signs that discussed their happy hour and times, 10pm being "Reverse HH".  Right after I sat back down at the table, the hostess began picking presentation signs up off of all the table.  I noticed it was the HH signs.  Hmmm.  About that time, the server came back to our table and said "Sorry, the kitchen has taken down their line for the regular menu, we only have the late night menu", and he removed the menus from our table.  I then asked about the HH.  He said that they didn't do HH on holidays (not stated on the flyers, table menu or even their website that I looked at later).  Since we needed time to look at the alternate menu, we asked for a few minutes to decide.  I looked around and other tables that were just being sat were still being given the standard menu, even though by this time it was well after 10.  We asked to speak to the manager.  A dark haired man in a cheesy royal blue jacket came to our table side.  When I told him our concerns and said we would not be ordering anything else and would like to pay our check (my husband had ordered a drink), he just said, "I'm sorry you feel that way,  would you like me to take care of that for you" (meaning our bill).  I figured he would at least give us HH price on the 1 beer, but no, instead he ran our credit card for the full amount and brought it back. I have to say, we go out to eat about 3-4 times a week and with all of the wonderful restaurants to choose from in the Phoenix are, we will not make the mistake of going to Johnny Fox's Public House ever again.
Here for the first time. Outside enjoying the live band, but not enjoying my experience since this venue allows smoking within 20 ft of door. Apparently AZ law's do not apply here at this venue.
I will always love the place for its wonderful decor, but was saddened to be greeted most recently with tunes reminiscent of a Miami club. The music improved as we sat for dinner and changed back to the traditional Irish music I was hoping for and expecting. The food was decent when we started coming here a few years ago, but has continued to go downhill unfortunately. There is so much potential, but until they improve the menu and embrace their Irish roots, I don't see things getting any better. A good potato soup and an improved Guinness beef stew would be a huge boost to the offerings. I want to love this place, but currently the only things bringing me back are the great facade, the Kennedy room, the beer and the dessert. The west valley needs a great gathering spot and this could be it. I hope the owners give it a little more love and bring it to the place it ought to be.
Place closed with no notice. Two days after they sold me a gift card. Gave to a good friend for Christmas. Guess we are out of luck getting our money back.,,
I want this place to be great because it's so convenient to my house, and my kids like it.  But it's not great.  I ordered my daughter a brunch off the kids menu:  egg and cheese scrambler with whole wheat toast and a side of fruit.  What came was an egg and cheese scrambler with white toast and a heaping helping of fried potatoes.  Our waiter was perfectly nice about it -- when I asked her about the fruit, she looked at the menu, agreed it was supposed to come with fruit, and brought out a plate of fruit.  And when I asked her about the toast, she brought out some whole wheat toast.  Still, it's troublesome when what's brought out is different in so many ways from the dish on the menu.  The reviewer who described the breakfasts as capable of feeding 3-4 people must have had very small people in mind.  The eggs Benedict I got today was a single half-muffin, one poached egg, one slice of ham.  That the brunch filled me up at all was due to yet another large pile of fried potatoes.  They were good!  But a brunch of fried potatoes with a side of eggs benedict was not what I had in mind.     The place was almost empty, but after waiting a while I had to get up and walk to the bar in order to get my coffee refilled.  If the food were great, all this stuff would be no problem.  And the food isn't bad!  But it's ordinary.  The quality is about the same as at Mickie's Dairy Bar, the greasy spoon up the street -- but Mickie's gives you twice as much ordinary food at half the cost.  Which I guess is why they're always full and we were one of only three tables eating at Brocach.
I hope we hit Brocach on an off night. On a Wednesday during happy hour we tried the slider flight and were surprised that all 4 sliders were awful--some were overcooked, some had flavorless or slightly rancid ingredients, and all of them were poorly seasoned. The parmesan garlic fries were served in what even grease lovers like us had to agree was just too much grease, though the fries themselves had great texture and--when you got the too-strong garlic off--good flavor. The potato leek soup was thin, without any of the richness or flavor I would have expected.
Definitely not worth it for Restaurant week.  Their regular menu may be good, but I was unimpressed by the selection and price of the Restaurant week items...less than stellar by far.
I wanted to give Brochach Monroe 3 stars - it is one of my neighborhood places- but I can't. I will start with the positive which is that the potato leek soup was some of best I have had: rich, but not too rich, and topped with real smoky bacon, parmesan and a parsley oil swirl. The bread that accompanied it however was a worst of the worst Sysco white roll that was billed as 'petite sourdough'. I don't think so. No sourdough there. This roll was served ice cold on a frigid day with boring butter. I was dreaming of some Irish sweet butter. It said to me that someone in the kitchen doesn't care.  I asked for a cup of hot water- instead of ice water -did I mention it was 2 degrees outside? and received a cup of clear hot water that tasted like it came out of the bottom of a dirty coffee pot. AGH! Really bad! and they were making tea from that hot water.  the place has a nice vibe and was comfy in a pubby sort of way. I will go back and try it again, it is in my 'hood after all.
We visited Brocach's on Monroe Street on 4/9/14. Overall, the food was extremely disappointing. The service was adequate, but average.  We arrived and were promptly seated by a host who seemed a bit cranky. However, it was about 8pm on a Tuesday night, so the lack of waiting was not surprising. The restaurant does look very nice.  The decor is similar to their original Capitol Square location: dark wood paneling, cozy and warmly colored walls, and a very welcoming "Irish-Pub vibe".  We ordered the Beer Cheese Dip appetizer, which came with soft pretzel sticks for dipping. The dip arrived with a  congealed "skin" on top, as though it had been sitting out and cooling for awhile before being served. The liquid cheese underneath the solid surface had a bitter, almost metallic, aftertaste. I imagine that the goal was for the dip to have a pronounced beer flavor, but it didn't work for me. It hardly tasted cheesy at all, and the taste it left in my mouth was gross. My dining partner didn't seem to dislike this dish as much as me, so this could be a matter of my personal preference. However, for a $9 dollar appetizer, it should have at least been served piping hot, rather than lukewarm. Unfortunately, this item provided an ominous preview of what was still to come.  My partner was in the mood for something light so he ordered the American Club sandwich with french fries. He commented that the sandwich, which contained ham, turkey, cheddar, swiss, lettuce, tomato and mustard, was "extremely average", and rated it "5 out of 10". He liked his fries a lot though, and thought they were the saving grace of his meal. The fries looked and tasted a lot like McDonald's fries, and everyone knows how tasty those are!  In the mood to splurge with no regard to calories, I ordered off of the "Mac and Cheese" section of the menu. I got the Bacon Bleu Mac, which the menu claimed contained: "trottole pasta, bacon, scallions, cream, bleu cheese, cheddar cheese curds"   What came out to me was: under cooked (hard and chewy) pasta in an extremely dry (nearly non-existent) generic cheese sauce.  The vast plate was topped with about 3 blue cheese crumbles, which was not enough to impart a discernible blue cheese flavor to the dish. There was an overwhelming amount of crumbled-up bacon and no scallions.   The only flavor in the dish was bacon. I like bacon as much as the next person, but the flavor was overpowering. I gave half of it to my bacon-loving dining partner so that I could attempt to taste the other flavors. I was unsuccessful, as there were no other flavors to be found.  When I ordered, I was envisioning a luscious, rich, and creamy dish with a variety of subtle flavors and lots of cheesy goodness.  What I got was a boring plate of plain dry pasta with too much bacon crumbled on top. It was not good, and I would have been more satisfied eating Kraft from a box.    I was a fan of Brocach's downtown location so I was surprised by how much of a let-down this was. I also hear they have a site in Milwaukee now too. I fear that Brocach may be sacrificing quality for quantity in their recent expansions, and sadly, I cannot recommend this restaurant anymore based on the quality and flavor of the foods we tried. Step it up, Brocach!
Rude, rude, rude.   Over priced.   The bartender could barely communicate and didn't give us 5 minutes to look at the menu before he was telling us we had to order or leave.   Not one customer in the place and he wants to rush us out.  Glad there are many other choices in the airport with trained staff who welcome customers
If I could give 0 stars I would. I have been sitting here for over 20 minutes and have yet to be greeted. I finally went to the bar to place my order and there is one bartender and still no drink. The only reason why I've stuck around this long is because I found a charging station at my table.   As I'm typing this, the bartender approached my table aggressively and yelled, "how dare you ask me to clean your table and not order a drink!" I said, "excuse me? I ordered a Bloody Mary 20 minutes ago from you and you have yet to bring it to me." He said, "oh yah I forgot."   I have never been so offended by a Resturant/bar staff member in my life. Unbelievable! John Taffer from Bar Rescue would be falling over right now!   Needless to say, I got up and left.
This is a strange little place, located near the C1 gate in the busy, crowded Southwest Airlines concourse. Even though it looks like a regular restaurant, there doesn't appear to be any table service. After seating myself at an open table, I waited about ten minutes and watched other patrons go to the bar to order food and drink. So after perusing the menu, I wandered over and asked if anything on their menu could be made gluten free. (I have celiac disease, so eating gluten is a big no for me.) Sadly, nothing on their menu is GF.   But I was thirsty, so I did order a pomegranate mojito. Here's where Corcoran's earned its second star. The bartender made it by hand, and it was good and strong. Not sure it was worth the price - with tip it came to almost $20 - but it definitely hit the spot before a long flight home to Atlanta.
I'll give this place a 2 star review for the two good things about it. First, located between gate C1 and C2 it is quiet and away from the craziness, so plus one. Second, the beer was cold. It's airport food and no one expecting fine dining, but there little redemption here.  The food is all bagged chips and pre-made sandwiches that look and taste like they came off a food truck. The menu does not make that clear nor do you really notice the small half sized fridge you serve yourself out of.   The "Irish" in this pub you get in the few beers on tap and the typical Irish music they  pump out at you, otherwise you'll need to be Irish to up that ante on that side of things.   If you just want a quick, $8-9 beer then swing in, it will be quiet and kill time. If you have any real hankering for real food find another spot to eat at and leave this "Irish Classic" out of your plans.
I tried to go here to get a bite to eat and have a Smithwick's.  There's a fridge with premade sandwiches and no Smithwick's.  I don't think you can call yourself an Irish Pub just because one of the 6 beers you have on tap is a Guinness.  I ended up going somewhere else...
Went to this place last night for the grand opening.  Checked out the website and saw that they had a food menu.  I get there and there is no food you can order, just servers walking around with samples.  Why have food on your website if you can't actually order it yet!?!?  Mismanaged!  Seems that this place is just another typical Vegas party bar with music so loud you can't even hear yourself think.  The sound system was cranked up so high the speakers were distorting or the amps were.  If I want this kind of experience I'll go to Blue Martini where the music actually sounds decent.  Get the food out, and fix the system, or turn it down because it sounds like crap!  When they actually start serving food I'll go back and then modify this review, but as for now this place is no different than any other bar in Vegas.
Opening night was packed, but not that great.  DJ's were meh.  Bartenders kind of lost.  Only food "samples."  Ran out of Guinness?  Service was hectic.  Why not have a "soft open" like most places in Vegas to fix these issues?  To re-iterate what Ron posted above: "bartender tells me she can't keep my tab open because she doesn't "know how." This seems like it should be standard knowledge for a worker at a bar..."  I had the same issue here.  I ended up just paying with cash as not to "complicate" these girls jobs any more.  I would imagine knowing the POS system would be a requisite for any bartender?  From talking with one worker I gathered that some of the "bartenders" came from the old Coconuts across the way and apparently worked with or were hired by a manager who is now at McFadden's.  Guess this would explain why some of the "bartenders" are not trained and sort of lost behind the bar... the old Vegas system, "it's not what you know..."  I wonder if they just got hired because they could dance on a bar and knew the manager?   I know it was opening night and flashy, yes that part was fun, but they need to bring service up and the flashiness (bar dancing etc) down until they have a solid business.  The fun/party atmosphere will follow this place naturally, no need to force it.  I *might* give this place another try when the menu opens up and they have time to get some more bartenders/servers in there (or train them properly.)  It has potential, but for now I'll stay away from the growing pains until they get their employee/manager issues worked out... too much good competition in Town Square to spend more time here!
We had friends who went this weekend to the grand opening so we decided to try it tonight. They had karaoke which was fine but when you go through their menu and all the promotions for Tuesday it says half off on appetizers and cocktails. Which is apparently not true what they meant for cocktail - when we receive the bill for our drinks-its only for beer and well drinks but nothing says it on the menu and our waitress was as useful as a pet rock. We waited at several 30 minute intervals her walking past the table at least 4 times to simply order and get our water down cocktails. During that time never mentioned that it was for well drinks.
Tried the new Mcfadden's tonight, it was truly awful. We just wanted some drinks, and were told that we could sit outside but we'd have to get our own drinks from the bar. Alright, not unheard of, whatever. So we left most of our party at a table on the patio and a friend and I went to the bar - we waited 15 minutes and rotated between 3 bartender spots (seemed like each one had their own register) and finally after 20 minutes of waiting and not even being recognized by the bartenders we decided to leave and head downstairs to the Yard House, where we were waited on right away.  They weren't even busy, just terrible servers.   Sorry, but any place that couldn't even make eye contact and say "I'll be right with you!" isn't worth my money. Forget this place, head somewhere that appreciates good customer service.
Oh McFadden's where to start... I've never been to a place that was soooo obsessed with trying to create the illusion of fun than promoting it. Every 5 mins you have your Deja Vu(esque) DJ calling for people to get on the bars and dance. Which is fine. But 1. some people aren't meant to be dancing on bars but might be better suited being pushed off them. 2. Kind of sucks trying to get a drink when you have to navigate people nasty feet. 3. The majority of people on the bars are "bartenders" (i use that term liberally) which means less people dealing with customers behind the bar. Which means waiting longer to get a stupid beer. The easiest way to get a beer would be to grow boobs and work there because every time I looked around their employees were able to drink more than I could even order. McFadden's will be another Cadillac Ranch, Ranch House, and Coconuts. I appreciate trying to create this party atmosphere but not at the expense of the customers.
if nothing else Yelpers, please read the kicker at the end. McFadden's is not playing fair with Yelp.  I've been their 3 times as I really wanted to like the place.  it looks great inside and out and they have a really good happy hour and specials each night.  visit one was for opening night (Thursday night).  they ran everything pretty well for as packed as it was.  the passed apps were pretty good.  service was just ok, but expected as it was their first night.  next visit last Tuesday was barely ok.  I confused the bartender with trying to order a Black and Gold.  I guess it's only available at the main bar by the entrance.  She probably should have known this by then, not running around behind the bar then finally asking the other bartender.   I love Heather and Singing with the Band karaoke.  the karaoke was only thing that kept my interest while I waited over 30 minutes for wings. The wings were pretty good and came with fries.  they are not breaded and I really like the teriyaki sauce. even with sitting at the bar the service was slow.  my bartender seemed like she had no prior experience, as she relied on her coworker for help often.  my last visit (figuratively and literally) Friday night was even worse.  we sat on the patio.  our server arrived quickly, then got slower and slower, often forgetting drinks. I ordered the wings again, but this time they did not come with fries. odd. it took over 30 minutes to get our checks.  one couple was about to walk out, we were going to head inside and let her find us.  she finally came back out as we were getting up.  it seems they hired staff based solely on looks or other criteria.  their lack of experience is overwhelming.  and the kicker:  their marketing manager Gaby sent an email to all their employees blatantly asking them to do Yelp reviews on where they work!!  SHAME!  I posted a copy of the email in the pictures. Pasted  below is the body of the text. __________________________________________________________ Hey Guys,  Please go on Yelp and place a positive (5-Star Review) review for us!  Here is our Yelp Page link:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/mcfaddens-restaurant-and-saloon-las-vegas  Please DO NOT say you work here at McFadden's!  They have a very well managed system where it filters out if they find out you work here and it will not post your review.  Again, do not state that you work here.  Talk about the 'Home of the $5 Hamburger', our 80z FishBowls, Jameson Pickleback Burger or our chick food etc. Just please mention some of our food items as well as our specialty drinks and of course our AWESOME staff & service.  The public refers to these reviews a lot on where they end up going.  Mention to all your family and friends to PLEASE post on Yelp positive reviews for us, the more the merrier.  Let me know if you have any questions!  -Gaby
***Review does not pertain to nightlife scene here, place did have people pouring in as we were leaving around 10:30***  Came here to watch the UFC fight with a group of friends. I would give them zero stars if I could, they only get 1 star because they didn't charge to watch the fights and because they had a decent SELECTION of apps and drinks for happy hour. While the selection was decent, the food was NOT!   The "blackened chicken" nachos had an option to add guacamole for $1, this came as 1 sliver of avocado and a tiny bed of pico de gallo. The chicken was not blackened, in fact it had no seasoning or flavor at all...was more like boiled chicken breast.   The artichoke crab dip was salty (and I'm not shy about using salt when I cook) yet lacked any real flavor and wasn't good.   The buffalo chicken flatbread was ok. Nothing special, but better than the other items.  The loaded potato soup could've used some more chunks of potato and bacon, as well as some pepper. But still was decent compared to the rest of the food.   My friend ordered the chopped salad which said it came with ranch, yet when it arrived it had balsamic on it. She mentioned it to the waitress who replied "no it doesn't come with ranch, it doesn't really come with a specific type of dressing." Then my friend says "well on the menu it says it comes with ranch." The waitress grabs a menu to disprove this, only to realize that the menu does in fact say ranch. I know they've only been open 2 weeks, but the servers should know what the dishes come with...and if they're not sure, they definitely should NOT argue with the customer who just read the menu a few minutes ago.   They also removed the pool tables, air hockey, and dart board that ranch house used to have. On the plus side they still have beer pong tables, new ones in fact...which is an upgrade.   Overall pretty terrible food, mediocre service, reasonably priced drinks during happy hour. If this is your idea of a good time, then check this place out! Otherwise, go eat at Tommy Bahama cafe and order the steak salad/carnitas sandwich/bourbon ribs and coconut pineapple cake/key lime pie/barbados brownie instead and grab some drinks at yard house after.
Terrible service. Came here cause I got a free open bar thing. It wasn't too busy but we found a table and were told we had to be seated by a host while everyone else were seating themselves so we thought why not? We sat down and watch others around us seating themselves and getting service while we were getting the run around about a server will come and since we sat ourselves they had to wait for someone to free up to take our orders. It really didn't make sense to us as we sat around waiting while we saw other groups swarming tables to sit get served. Hate to play the race card but we saw tables that had white customer get help while my group of mix people didn't even get any help from any servers. Mcfaddens must not want money or thought we wouldn't tip cause we are minorities. If I could give a 0 I would.
If I could give zero stars I would. Wow this place is a joke. The staff drinks until they are plastered. If you want a place to drink with minors then this is your spot. I don't know about you, but drinking from a bottle that was just poured directly into the mouth of some trashy girl is not really my style... It is only a matter of time until this place is shut down as, in my opinion, it is not fit to do business in Town Square. There are enough of these garbage spots on the strip. I really hate that my 4 kids have to hear all of the drunken idiots screaming obscenities while I walk them to and from the movies. I can't imagine Town Square putting a Gameworks right by this place.  It is unsafe for children to even be next to. This place is a DUI or a Fight waiting to happen.
I was in town for work and decided to hit up Mcfaddens after getting out of a movie for some food.  I'm not even sure I can accurately describe the dining experience.    1st round of drinks takes about 15 mintues and some of the drinks were not make correctly but we keep them because it took so long.  We ordered a bunch of the happy hour appetizers, then decided we wanted some burgers but could not figure out who our actual waitress was and nobody was willing to take our order.    Apps come and they're typical bar fried food, but then we realize we have no plates or silverware.  We flag down a bus boy who then brings us 4 sets for 5 people.  ???  Get another set, then finally figure out who is waiting on us and order burgers.    2nd round of drinks takes over 25 minutes to be delivered.  Burgers actually come out in about 10-15 minutes.  Bus boys continue to deliver food to our table that we didn't order.  At one point on the 3rd extra delivery he just looks at us and says.. just keep it.  I can see the table next to us giving our server an earfull.  3rd round of drinks came out faster.  Burgers were actually pretty good.  Good luck getting refills on your waters or iced tea.  Before our waitress has a meltdown we ask for the check.  We were pretty nice, not d1cks like the table behind us.  When our waitress came back she said she gave us a 50% discount because everything was so messed up.  Then she comes back and says she gave us the wrong check, and hands us one for 20$.  Our original bill for our group was over 100$.  Nice move and thank you.  The next day I found out they had only opened the previous night.. still no excuse someone should get canned for this circus side show.
I went on a Friday night with a large group of coworkers after a long week. It was one of the most horrendous nightlife experiences in the two years I've lived in Vegas. The atmosphere isn't too bad but it isn't too great either. The only major difference I saw from the former Cadillac Ranch / Ranch House is that the mechanical bull was replaced by a small dance floor.   As mentioned in previous reviews, the staff is obliterated early on in the evening which makes it challenging to get a drink in under 15 minutes (after you place your order). Prepare to repeat your order several times. The DJ stopped the music periodically to insist all bars be filled with girls (both bartenders and patrons) who would then dance on the bar while the bartenders poured free "shots" directly into patrons' mouths. The shots were in an unmarked bottle and were an odd purple color. Avoid the mystery bottle that just grazed the mouths of 30 other people.  Overall, I understand the idea of a party bar but this one missed the mark. The bartenders had more of a party than any of the patrons. Long story short, spend your money anywhere else nearby for better service from staff sober enough to remember your order.
Sat down with my fiance at the main bar and was greeted within 5 seconds by "Jordan" male who said the other Jordan female would be right over. After about 10 minutes we got passed by 5 times by a Barback and 2 other bartenders. I left thirsty and went to blue martini. Much happier here!
We came for happy hour and stayed for the fruit flies... Monday night is a good deal half off drinks and appetizers. We were sat and the waited for 15 min before anyone came to take our DRINK order. So once our waitress came by our table to get us drinks it took another 15 min before a Magner's and a 7 & 7 made their way back to our table. The 7&7 had a hitchhiker floating around in the glass. So we got that drink replaced one we saw the waitress again. The replacement drink came back pretty quick. So we ordered Chicken Nachos and the Quesadilla. The Nachos are HUGE. and that might not be a good thing. The chicken that was just on the top layer was ICE cold. I mean barely above freezing. Service just went down from there. The Waitress must have known a group sitting at another table because she screamed ran over there and spent the next 10 minutes doing shots and drinking with them. Needless to say. Service was horrible. Absolutely abysmal. There is no way to sugar coat that. In an "Irish" pub you should never be thirsty.
The saddest part about this one star review is that McFaddens has all the elements to be GREAT and they are blowing it by having TERRIBLE service and drowning good food in SALT.    I went there for a company happy hour.  There about 25 people in our party, arriving in waves.  the first 6 or so people got their drinks, the rest of us it took about 40 minutes to get a drink.  When we complained, they said there was only one bartender.  Guess it takes 40 minutes to pour 2 pitchers of beer and 3 mix drinks.    the place was not that busy, so there really was no excuse.  Since the service was so bad, I decided to try the food TO GO, since the menu looked promising.    We ordered 2 of the $5 burgers with various toppings.  the waitress asked me 3 times about what kind of mayo we wanted and confirmed twice on the plain mayo.  the burgers came with NO MAYO.  they had 2 patties which I wasn't expecting, don't know if thats normal, but its too much.  the worst part.....my medium temp patty was RAW,  not just rare,  raw and cold in the middle.  When I got home I had to remove it from the bun and cook it in the microwave.   Once it was cooked it tasted good, but I shouldn't have to cook my burger at home.  I ordered a chopped salad and got a chicken cobb salad at home.  on the side of the burger was a fried pickle.  First bite was good,  second bite was like biting into a teaspoon of SALT.  I had to spit it out.   I ordered side of mac n' cheese.  for $6 bucks I was expecting something that did not look like kraft mac n' cheese.  but the kicker was it NOT COOKED.  It was like the chewy pasta that sticks in your teeth.   Again, I added a little water to it and put in the microwave to finish cooking.   At first I thought it was edible now.  then I realized it tasted like they had half cooked the pasta then soaked it in a box of salt then poured some cheese sauce on it.  NOT EDIBLE again.   the good news is with the happy hour prices, 2 burgers, fries, mac n cheese and a salad was only $17.  If the food had been edible I could see us eating here every other week.  FIRE the COOK who has stock in mortons salt company and is drowning fresh food in pounds of salt and failing to cook things properly.   Seriously,  get the right cook and decent service and we might be back.  Otherwise never again.   It almost felt like the cook was trying to purposely ambush the restaurant.  Such a shame, great location, great ambiance, good prices, good ingredients, BAD EXECUTION.
This new McFaddens is in a awesome location in town square and I had great expectations going there. I was called that I was selected to have a party there and I would drink free till midnight and all my friends would get wrist bands and everything was half price. We got there and was told that only one beer out of all of them, that was half for my friends or free for me and was served in a little plastic cup. Very few mixed drinks and only well was half and no food was half. I was very disappointed because I had brought them a lot of people and it wasn't what it was suppose to be. One of my friends only drinks Crown and he got one drink and they ran out - yes they ran out of Crown royal by 11 pm. on a Saturday night. Lastly it took forever to even get a drink, they need more bartenders. The music was great and the ambience was also great. That's why they got two stars.
Despite some not so glowing reviews of this place the happy hour special tempted me to try it out. On first glance the glace the place looks nice. The outside signage is very catchy and they inside is beautiful and open.  Hostess:  We were greeted by a couple of dazed looking hostesses that stared at their computer for an awkward 15 seconds before acknowledging us then kind of gave us a blank stare and eventually mumbled "uh... two?" Then took us to a table as though she were lost.   Venue:  What I first took to be a pretty open restaurant/pub quickly seemed like a big empty place as she seated us far off from other patrons. The venue is very large. There are 2 bars inside - both of which were open which made little sense as it was not very busy. If we had been seated in a more populated area it would have made it easier for our waitress to keep an eye on us.   The place is filled with TVs similar to a sports bar but despite being an Irish pub the TVs all showed baseball and American football instead of rugby or soccer.   Wait Staff:   The waitress was very friendly and cheery. She seemed inexperienced but everyone starts somewhere and I am fine with that. The waitresses always seemed to be buzzing around but never seemed to be taking anything to tables. The place was pretty empty and service was slow so I have no idea what the waitresses were doing with all their wandering about.   The waitress uniforms would have been more at home at a Hooters. I am not opposed to attractive or sexy uniforms, the little plaid skirt was adorable but paired with a cropped/midriff top it was just too much. Some of the waitresses wore fishnets and tall boots with the skirt - it was tacky and over the top. I also was not a fan of our waitresses habit of leaning on our table, it was either a ploy to show some cleavage for a better tip or just another sign of an unprofessional waitress.   There was also a guy in casual clothes lurking around with a clip board the whole time. I have no idea what he was up to but it was distracting.  Food:  So up to this point, the service is slow but not awful - the waitress was very friendly if unprofessional - the place has a big empty, not Irish pub but the kicker for me is the food. I would take all those things in stride if the food had been good. We ordered a couple beers, Irish nachos and teriyaki wings.   The Irish nachos were okay. The portion size was huge. The whole thing was a bit bland and soggy though. If I were to order it again (which I probably won't) I would ask for the cheese on the side.  The teriyaki wings were kind of soft and soggy and the teriyaki sauce was bland and tasted more like soy sauce than anything.  TL;DR -  The food was bland, the servers were friendly but slow, the hostess seemed brain dead. The whole place seems to be having an identity crisis; it looks like an Irish pub but feels like a sports bar with Hooters waitresses. For $28 we got 4 beers, chicken wings and Irish nachos. I really went in here wanting to like this place but we won't be going back.
Decent -ish bar food. Average service.  I was given the incorrect bill twice, and when finally given the correct one, I signed it and fortunately kept a copy. Since then I have been leaving messages for a manager to call me bc supposedly there's "no manager in house" Everytime I call to complain that I was charged more than double the amount on my receipt.  New place... No managers in house already. No wonder it's all messed up. Better options in town square. If you settle, keep your receipt!
Decided to check this place out and first impression was bad!    Three ladies at the hostess stand and no greeting. Disappointing.   Then we were seated but without the opportunity to ask booth or bar or patio. .  The menu looks very good and inexpensive and once I decided to write this review, I see so many seem to agree that McFadden's is LACKING big in the customer service department. It's very disappointing cause for me if it doesn't go smooth immediately, I know my dining experience and food I will not enjoy.    in addition, when were seated we called for the hostess twice as she walked away but were ignored. So WE WALKED OUT! Then we were on our way to a more accommodating better serving bar next door.
I heard a lot of mixed reviews regarding McFaddan's. the biggest pro is the half off apps during happy hour. The disadvantage is the service. The staff isn't the friendliest and they walk around like they are the hottest things on earth. They have a policy in which they can only split a check once, which makes it unfriendly for large groups. I will say the tater tots were very tasty, but I don't know if they're enough to bring me back. They also had an attendant in the bathroom which I thought was awkward, it's not like we're at a fancy restaurant or night club!
Terrible terrible terrible TERRIBLE. We were SO excited to come here so decided to check out happy hour. First thing we walk in the door and there's two hostesses, one of which was wearing the half shirt and had a huge gut spilling out. Since I saw a bunch of girls in full length tanks I know that was not a REQUIRED uniform. I won't hold that against them and not part of my 1 star rating, but still not a good first impression. So they proceed to sit there and both stare at me while ONE is on the phone taking a reservation for five people. My one year old starts getting antsy and trying to jump out of my arms and they still don't seat us... Uhh hello anyone home? So then we get seated. We told them three adults, one child. They give us two adult menus. So the server comes. Extremely ditsy but nice. I tell her what happened with the menus, she says she will bring another. She comes back 4 more times to ask us if we're ready which were not because we're all huddled over and switching menus back and forth. So we start with the Irish nachos. Tater tots with bacon, sour cream and cheese. Uh yeah right.  A pile of tater tots, with a sprinkle of cheese sauce, a half a slice of bacon crumbled on top, and a tiny drizzle of sour cream. If it wasn't happy hour we would've sent them back. So we each order a beer. Myself a Guinness, the other two a bass and a blue moon. As soon as the bass is sat down he takes a sip and says try this is tastes almost like a miller light. I tasted. It tasted like half bass, half miller light. Weird. I tasted my Guinness. I couldn't take more than two sips, and we all concurred, tasted like Guinness water. The blue moon wasn't as watery, but also had a weird miller light taste to it. Again, happy hour, so we just dealt with it.  The server kept coming to our table throughout and would blankly stare at us and say things like "ohhhh myyy goooooooddddddd my necklace broke!!!" It was so awkward. Almost like she was on drugs. No one in that place seemed to know like they knew what was going on at all.  I will say my burger was pretty good, though my hubby's was RAW in the middle. He ordered medium well. You could touch te middle and feel that it wasn't cooked. We had such high hopes for this place but I can promise we will NEVER be back. Gross. This place won't last long in Town Square. No quality or customer service. Hurry up McFadden's and move along so something better can open up in your place.
I've never posted a review but this place really left me with the urge to do so.  Totally incompetent staff, everyone seemed to have a different idea of what the happy hour was, service was well below average, although the prices are ridiculously cheap. But I am not sure if this winds up being a good thing. It seems to reflect upon the quality of people and we are suppose to be in town square! My food took way too long to come out, and somehow it arrived warm at best. The food runner appeared to be overwhelmed. The bartender told me they were out of one of the beers I asked for but later in the night I saw another bartender serve one. Seemed very unorganized and lack of communication between bar staff.  Drunk bartenders and servers, with no sense of urgency to serve customers especially once the DJ starts going and it starts getting messy. This bar really brings the classy out, ( sarcasm ) come see for yourself and you'll be in for quite a scene.  My bartender had to get a manager to take care of something on my check and this became a task. Two different bartenders had served me and I got charged two totally different prices even though happy hour was suppose to be all night.   Apparently having a responsible manager readily available is not something this place values. The bartender seemed lost in his attempts to find a manager like he didn't even know where to look. Finally a small girl appeared in plain clothes and a less then professional demeanor to take care of it.   Looks like this place is well on it's way to another failed attempt at making this cursed location a profitable good bar.
Like Ranch House Kitchen and Cadillac Ranch before it, McFaddens provides a mediocre bar experience but now with a Irish twist.  Nothing seems to be able to stay open at this spot above Yard House in Town Square. McFadden's itself is pretty huge but instead of marketing itself as a restaurant/bar it feels like they try to be a club instead. On most weekend nights you can see a long line of people forming outside the entrance. I think most of them couldn't get into at Blue Martini or didn't wanna pay cover at Stoney's and figured Mcfaddens was the next best thing.  Inside you can try and get food off their menu if you find someone to serve you. The drinks are overpriced for the venue and for what you get. Beers come in around $8 and cocktails are a few bucks more. You can get a wider selection of brews downstairs at Yardhouse and better drinks at Blue Martini.  During my last visit I was thinking about ordering a drink from the bar but was too afraid of having it kicked into my face by the random women that are allowed to dance on the counter. Apparently the people playing beer pong don't mind scooping a filthy ping pong ball off the dance floor. Im sure the water cup sanitizes it just fine.  The place can get sweaty and muggy but the outdoor patio is nice, remember to come early to secure a good seat outside. Also for whatever reason they can only split a check once so large groups beware!
I have been here on 3 separate occasions and have been avoiding writing a review as I really wanted to like this place. Unfortunately they just can't save themselves. On the first occasion I was there at beginning of Happy Hour. Despite the fact that hardly anyone was there the service was painfully slow and drink orders came back incorrect. Also sorting out the check at the end was a challenge in itself. On another occasion I was there to watch a football game in the middle of the day and had to wait over an hour before someone even offered me a menu or glass of water let alone taking my order. The only reason I got a menu was that I almost had to physically restrain a duty manager to get her attention. As aside the "manager" did not really present a professional image for the establishment as she looked liked she had just rolled out of bed. I found out that one of the alumni groups who had chosen McFaddens as their home base during football season have abandoned the place after only 3 weeks because their members have been treated so poorly and complained so much. I was originally looking at this place to host a client event but there is no way that I would take that risk now. I don't know if management here ever take notice of feedback because they seem content to lose customers hand over fist. At the end of the day girls in skimpy clothes do not make up for crappy service and ineffectual/non existent operational management. It is a shame because the layout and venue is so promising. I can only assume that they make a whole lot of money from drunk people on Friday and Saturday nights and don't give a crap about anybody else.
Wow!!! Seriously!?!?!? We got here at 6:10pm placed our order at 6:20 and our food came out at 7:15?????? The food came out and the orders were wrong and the food was blah!! No bueno, the drinks were garbage and the waitresses lacked in knowledge and they were slow!! The management lacked in the skills to handle our complaints. Oh well 6 customers that will not be coming back !!
This place has the WORST service. My friends waited over one hour for their food which the wings were the wrong type and the nachos didn't have the chicken. And it only came because we asked 3 times about it. I ordered a Stella, which I drink frequently, it was more of a coors light for sure. The waitress said she watched it being poured. I ordered another type of beer and didn't drink the other beer she gave me. When she took it away she said nothing about taking it off the bill. Also when the manager or acting manager came to the table she was nice but she was wearing daisy dukes..... WHAT ??  Two frozen margaritas came as she was there and it was all water not frozen.  Finally the chicken Nachos made it back to the table but after finishing all other good the correct wings never made it so we canceled those. Then we had been finished for a good 20 mins and still no check. Take this advice and go to one of the other great establishments in town square and AVOID this place and their TERRIBLE service !!
For another bar in Town Square, this one is ok. Lots of room and three or four different bars. We sat at the outside bar since it was such a nice night. Not very crowded for 9 o'clock on a Saturday. We had hopped from Blue Martini next door and that was definitely more crowded than McFadden's. Although not a lot of people, there were lots of bartenders and hosts and hostesses. I felt like they were socializing more than serving since there weren't too many people.   Sometimes I feel uniforms in the service industry are very sexist and not fair to the lady customers. While our female server was in a plaid schoolgirl skirt so short I can see her cheek bottoms, our not-so-bad looking male barback was in a t-shirt. Can't they dress up the men every once in awhile so that us ladies can get some eye candy instead of measuring ourselves up to the waitresses...I'll get off my soapbox now.  Anywho, it was ok. Would rather hang next door or downstairs. They would have to have a great event in order for me to return.
Where do I begin?! I'll start with the fact that I'll never waste my time on that joint again. We visited McFaddens at about 4pm on a Monday afternoon. Not exactly a busy time of day. There were approximately 4 tables sat in the entire bar. We were the fifth and they sat us behind a pole in the back of the restaurant. Apparently, it was 100 miles too far for the waitress because she took FOREVER to give us service. My husband ordered a Corona Light and I water. It took about 15-20 minutes for his beer to arrive and it was warm!  Then we ordered nachos with guacamole and beans, chicken wings and mozzarella sticks. Guess how long it took to get our food.....40 minutes!!! We were informed that no one realized there wasn't a cook in the kitchen. That's awesome management. Well, once they got that figured out, I think they put half a cook in the kitchen because our nachos had no beans or guacamole and the mozzarella sticks had leaked the cheese out the bottom. So, all we had was hollowed out bread crumb casings with a giant ball of cheese on the bottom. The food wasn't even good. It was a waste of calories. My husband dared to order another beer which took another 20 minutes. It came after the food was gone and it was also warm. It was happy hour but, who cares when you only get 2 drinks every seven days. The service was SO slow! She was nice but, slower than molasses! There were like10 employees roaming around and only 5 tables and it took us 1 1/2 hours to wait for food, drinks and service. At that pace, we could have enjoyed a nice fine dining meal. We can easily spend 1 1/2 hours in a bar but, that's when beverages aren't strapped to a turtle's back. I'm not a complainer but, save your time and money, at least in the middle of the afternoon.
I won't go so far as to my experience a total cluster F@#K, but it's pretty close.  I arrived after my friends so they already had a table and had been there a half hour and was still waiting on their first drink orders.  Once we tracked down our waitress (literally) she took our orders and disappeared yet again.  One of our orders came out in about 30 minutes, but the rest had to reorder once we tracked down our waitress...again!    It's hard to imagine but at Thursday Night Football I only saw 4 waitresses and to be honest, none were moving very fast or seemed interested in customer service.  I managed to get 1 beer in 3 hours with some of the smallest, blandest wings I've had the displeasure of ordering.   After all was said and done (tracking down our waitress a third time) to ask for our bill, she had to take our orders again as she couldn't remember what we had.    The atmosphere itself was decent, but the food selection, quality and overall service really bring the star rating down. We had a good time, but that was due to good company and nothing to do with McFadden's.  For once I will go so far as to say I don't plan on returning, but if I'm misfortunate enough to be back, I hope I can raise my star level to at least a 3.
The beers are tasty, though they've stopped serving them in beer glasses and serve them in these nasty plastic cups that look like glass till you pick them up and realize that it's not only plastic, but lipstick stains are included. Though that was kinda gross, the main reason I decided to write my review is the food. I came here when it first opened and I really enjoyed it. I ordered the Ahi Tuna with TARO CRACKERS, which is what the menu states. I absolutely loved it, until I returned to order it again and they bring out these wacky, grocery store crackers that made the dish look and taste cheap. The menu still states taro chips, yet they bring out a poorly prepared dish, which didn't have the same taste when using regular ole crackers. It was a real disappointment to say the least. My friend's margarita pizza was different from the first time too, though not as tasteless as the ahi. It's sad to see that they're changing things that are delicious just to save a few bucks. Wouldn't be surprised if it goes down the same path as Cadillac Ranch and that other one that closed so quickly I can't quite remember the name.
This place is aweful. Tried it out since it was happy hour and regretted it. The food was horrible, and the service was worse. The waitresses butts hang out of their pants so theres that. But if that is what you are looking for maybe you should just go to a strip club.the food will probably be better there anyways .
Was seated at 8pm on a Saturday and waited for 15 minites and noone came to us, not even a "hey, be right with you"! and we were even seated right next to the bar.  The place wasn't even busy.  Two other tables were seated after us and they had drink orders taken within 2 minutes of sitting down.  Told the hostess and they didn't care.  Several waiters walked by and nothing, Don't WASTE YOUR TIME!!!!  A bunch of young kids who don't give a damn about customers and just stand around gossiping!!
Terrible! They promote $5 mimosa yet they ran out of champagne. They also serve beers and drinks in all sorts of varying glasses and cups. The service sucks and the food is terrible. I may even be sick tonight after eating a chicken sandwich. The place was also totally empty for Sunday football. We ordered food and it all came out at random times and the kitchen kept screwing up our order. We couldn't be more happy to finally get out of the place and move to another sports bar in town square.
I started coming here when my favorite bartender from Blue Martini moved here. It's a bit college-y, but not really bad. They recently let him go, and coming here since then I've finally noticed that the service from anyone else is kind of crap. I'm sure its a fun scene for beer pong and such, but I like to drink with a bartender who knows my name.
Went on a Monday night drink specials were OK if a bartender would have taken my drink order. The blonde bartender would rather talk to guys instead of taken drink orders.  Ask for a manager and I was told he was to busy in the back of the house.  Ask three times and he never came out.    I would never go back.
This place is terrible....this isn't a one time stop by review this is an "ill give this place a second and third chance" review. Do not come here. I'm dead serious. They've changed their menu 5 times and altered things that drive all the locals away. Their bartenders do not care about you or what you came to watch on tv, and they have changed to skimp on food 5 times. STAY AWAY
I tried to find out how this is an Irish pub. I looked on top of the table, under the table, in the bathroom, around the corner and...nope...nothing. No sign of this being an Irish pub. Why can't Vegas stick to a theme? Why do we have to make everything trashy?   I've been here on an early Friday and late Saturday. If you come here before 10PM, you can actually hear people and have a conversation. It's not too bad, but still doesn't feel like what a cozy Irish pub should feel like. After 10, the shit show begins. Obnoxious mainstream pop/hip hop music start to blare, ass grinding begins, beer pong happens and fights occur.   If you want to have a conversation with your friends, forget about it. This place was meant to feel your friends, not hear them. I ended up shouting all night. I was trying to get a little buzz going to like the place more, but their drinks are watered down.  On the bright side, their burgers are magical for the price and their hummus is on point. That's why I give this place 2 stars. One for the hummus and the other for the burgers.
I have been to every restaurant that has tried to make it at this location, and let me just say I don't believe this "Irish" Bar (if you can call it that) will break the jinx.  My bad experience started the minute I walked in. I was naturally attracted to the large bar in the center of the main room. I sat down and took in the place. Quickly it became apparent that the only thing that made this place Irish was the name on the building. The happy hour menu was filled with US or Sysco food items that had nothing to do with Ireland but who cares if it's good right! So after taking in the place for about 15 solid minutes I was approached by someone I could only assume worked there because he was behind the bar. This large, but not necessarily over weight man was sporting a ball cap, a ripped blue shirt, a pair of khaki shorts and black sneakers with no socks. I had to use this in depth description because he, like the other people behind the bar were not wearing name tags. Anyway the large man quickly advised me that I was in the wrong seat because he was saving them for a few "hot chicks" that were coming in later. I looked around at the 8 other empty bar seats and paused to see if he was joking. But after hearing no laughter from him I tucked my tail under my legs and found a new seat. As I looked for another place to sit  I over heard the large man telling some regulars that  he had been up for three days. And that he was tired and needed a shot to wake up. But the odd thing was that even after a shot or 2 he was still tired. Weird! Once at my new seat I waited again to put in my drink order.  A few minutes later my friend arrived and we decided to order from the happy hour menu. Which by the way is not bad! There are a ton of non Irish things to choose from and the price is right!  However, you have to hail down a bar tender if you want to order because they get distracted with one another and often get into deep conversations about God knows what. And once in these compelling discussions it takes a freight train with strobe lights to get their attention. After ordering we discovered that the food was good and the beer was cold. We found it refreshing that the kitchen was on top of it and made this reviewer's score move from a 1 star to a solid 2 star.  The night went at the same pace and after visiting the dirty bathrooms we made our way home.  I hope the owners are looking at these reviews and acting on them. If that is the case below are a few things that might help your business succeed:  1. Hire a manager that can keep the staff focused on the guests.  2. Provide uniforms and make sure they are consistently worn.  3. Insist that every one who comes in contact with guests are wearing name tags.  4. Find Irish food items to place on the menu.  5. Give your staff a day off so they are not tired.  6. Never let your staff drink on the job!  P.S.  those hot chicks...never showed up! ;)
My Review is Primarily Based On the Place as a restaurant and Service.  I came in for the World Series and the Place was a ghost town.  The serivce was sloppy like they weren't even trained. Wrong Drink 4 Times, 30min delay between Drinks once, and the food was microwaved crap.  I had come here a week prior for Ladies Night and the crowd was upbeat and everyone was having a blast.    Come here for the Bar at Night ONLY.  They Have beer pong and multiple bars with an outside area and is a lot of fun, BUT DO NOT COME HERE TO EAT.  One of the Worst Dining experiances I have had and I used to be a server so I recognize the bad program they have here.  They should drop the FOOD asap.  The girls here could make a lot of money if they got the drinks out faster.  I suggest they focus on that and this joint can make a killing!!!!!  I love the location and layout...
Worst service. Ever. Every time. I have been here several times to eat on my lunch breaks. The food is delicious (that's why I gave it 2 stars) but the service is terrible. And consistently terrible. I love the food and that's why I keep coming back, but soon I may need to stop giving them chances. Today while trying to ask the bartender if she could grab my waitress so I could tell her I missed something on my order, she looked right at me, shook her head and said "no".  I couldn't believe it...but then again...I guess I'm not really surprised. I hope management realizes what a great place this could be but unless they get their customer service in line, this place will close down due to the terrible reputation.
This place sucks!  It's strictly for 20 year olds.  Anyone in the 30's and over looks there age and then some creepy too.  Ha!  Huge spot great if it was not just for kids.  Bummer for the 30 & 40 yr old crowds that are locals. Never going back EVER!  Went in 12/2013.
Horrible service from hostess, bartenders and waitress. As a side note I didn't enjoy the plastic pint "glasses" for beer. Go someplace else.
Great place with a ton of potential, but sadly they are falling short of what it could be. I really enjoy the building and the atmosphere they are working for. They have a great staff for the most part but...  They have the manager playing bartender taking shots with guests wearing gym shorts and a basketball jersey.  As a manager he should dress more professional or at least like an adult.   The cheap gas station drink blenders sitting on the bar are tacky and ridiculous.  Something you expect to see in a college dive bar not in Town Square.   The place is ran like a back ally dive bar.  Making no surprises every time I have come they are dead and the "Yard House" located just below Mcfadens is packed out.
I had low expectations walking in here. I had read the reviews and had my friends tell me avoid the place.  I was willing to give the place a chance and what better than happy hour?  Right I mean staff should be on top of things and  there should be a good crowd on a Saturday.  Boy was I wrong... Place was empty (that should have been a sign to turn and run). But I sat at the bar and hoped it was just a off day.   The service sucked , sucked , sucked .  The drinks and food was over priced for happy hour. Sure they are packed on ladies night but if a "Irish" bar has to resort to giving away the house to survive then it's not a Irish bar.  Hell the barmaid mixed up my drink twice and then told me she didn't normally work happy hour so she had no clue what was on offer and then seemed pissed off that she wasn't working a good shift.   Trust me I know about Irish bars. I was born and raised in Ireland . I've lived in vegas since 97 so I've seen all the bars come and go, and unless the owners (not the management ) does something this pub is not going to last.    I won't be back and neither will any of my friends.    If you are going to town square , hit yard house or the English bar on the same level as this bar.   Or if you want a decent Irish pub hit up RiRa at Mandalay bay and ask for junior or fitzy.  Locals get 40% off food on Fridays.     Sorry mc f's you are more of a plastic paddys pub than a real Irish pub, fix your menu staff and pricing not to mention your atmosphere it's like walking into a cave (not a good cave either like the bat cave, more of a the hills have eyes cave).
This place was amazing when it opened up but has gotten so shitty the past couple of months. They took away good menu items, closing the kitchen early, changed happy hour items without notice. Second bar is usually closed even if it's packed. Went in today for football Sunday it took about 30 mins to see a worker walking around. No one was at the door to greet us or direct us anywhere to be seated. Multiple people were annoyed at how shitty service was. I don't recommend this place anymore
If I could give a zero for this place I would but unfortunately there is not an option for that deserving score.  We arrived around 6pm with a group of friends and we're hoping to enjoy their happy hour. Well no luck there due to the exceptionally slow service, which was puzzling because the place was somewhat empty.  The waitress did her best to disappear and avoid her job of serving her customers as well as bartenders ignoring you as you stood at an empty bar trying to get their attention and order a drink since the waitress had disappeared.  The food was average at best, overpriced, and took forever to arrive.  The bill got totally screwed up and I think the waitress lacked basic mathematical skills.  As for this being an "Irish pub" well do not believe that misnomer.  The only thing that makes this resemble an Irish pub is the name.  I highly recommend avoiding this place and go elsewhere to enjoy your evening.  Perhaps if you're younger and do not know any better, this place may be cool or whatever.  However if you're somewhat of an experienced pub, bar, or restaurant patron this place will definitely disappoint you if you're looking for an Irish pub experience.
I'm still relieved to see that the mechanical bull is gone, but other than that, it looks like things have gone swiftly downhill since the first time came around.   Food? Unspectacular.  Drinks? Ordinary.  Service? Unrefined.   If I'm looking for an adult beverage in Town Square, I'm likely to go elsewhere. If I'm looking for an Irish bar, I'm definitely going elsewhere.
After party buzz kill! Finding parking was nearly impossible on the weekend we went. The place was packed and feeling somebody's breath is not my idea of a good time. The floor was sticky, gross and smelly. There was spilled drinks and glasses and food tray on the floor.  I was so disgusted to even eat or drink. I did not have a good time here no matter how hard I tried. The music was alright. From house to old school hip hop/ rnb. The crowd was anywhere from preppy, hipster, slutty to hip hop and Jersey Shore-ish. Really.  We walked around, danced a bit and found a spot to chill. I wasted 2 hours of my life here. If it wasn't for friends, I wouldn't be here. Weird and awkward vibe. Ugh!
Poor McFadden's. They have honestly gone down hill. I came here for Happy Hour on a Friday night, and was severely disappointed. Their Irish nachos are the best, but... The service was so terrible I lack the words to express my disappointment. It took forever to have someone take our order, let alone bring us our drinks. We watched as the waitress asked another table if the food we had ordered was theirs. We Didn't receive an offer to refill our drinks, just plopped our food down and walked away. Next we ordered another appetizer. Once again the waiter wandered around the dining room, searching for our table. The poor guy had to go ask someone in the back, then proceeded to give our food to other guests. To top it all off, the worst of the worst. The waitress TOOK FOOD off of THE OTHER TABLE and put it in front of us. Really!? REALLY!?!?! Disgraceful, Let alone disgusting! I will never  give this place my money again. In the words of Doge, "Such disappoint. Much anger. Wow."
It's a mess at McFadden's, and even has the delightful, pungent smell of vomit in some places.   Many friends come here to drink and hang out; we also hang to crowd the overused bathrooms!   Bartenders can be forceful and crabby, but they can remember your drink at least. Sometimes they direct you to waitresses, who are hard to find!!! I only saw one the entire night.   They let guests dance on the bar to the weirdest songs. The crowd is odd; mostly young people, but some old ones, too!   Don't forget the crazy overpriced food!! If you couldn't win prizes fun prizes here, everyone would just pass this place by!   It's that bar where you reminisce about the college parties you used to have, since mostly college kids spend their days here!
Can I give a no star?  First and last visit!  My friends dragged me in on a Friday night right before 6:30 pm, something about 'Irish Nachos' and the experience was dreadful.  From the waitress with nothing to do who looked our way and fled in a different direction to the group of staff with the 'lalalalala...don't see you' expressions on their faces.  I kept looking for the people from Mystery Diners because really?really?!  I wanted to leave right then because I really hate bad customer service.  My friends convinced me to tough it out for the first round of drinks but decided I was right when the waitress dropped the plate of  Irish Nachos to the table hard enough to make the food jump.  You had 5 customers who walked in the door with the intent of ordering drinks, appetizers, and dinner and you had 5 customers leave after 5 drinks and one plate of Irish Nachos at happy hour prices.   I won't be back.
This place used to be a lot of fun but has recently gotten way too overcrowded! I used to come here with my friends a lot but the past couple weekends has been insane. We went on one of the nights they had wristbands. My friend got the gold one which meant free drinks for her and we got the regular wrist bands - 50% off.. still an amazing deal! It just sucked that they were so packed. It was difficult to order drinks on multiple occasions because there's always so many people at the bars. It's also impossible to walk around because it's so crowded! The dance floor is also hard to move around! The music wasn't always so great though. It was always a mix of 80s-90s hip hop with a couple current hits mixed in. Very strange to dance to but it was still fun. I miss the old days before this place got so popular but I guess that's good for them.
Food is mediocre at best and the server had no idea what she was doing. Even during happy hour this place is not worth it.
My friend and I were charged 20$ entry fee. On 2-8-14.  Which wouldn't have been a problem except that all other locals were charged 5$. After finding out from Mcfaddens security that this was a "thug" fee from the contracted company paid for managing the front door entry. After requesting to speak to management and being ignore for over 45 minutes waiting I truly hope you don't do this to other minorities visiting your establishment.Shame on you Mcfaddens!Not the best way to treat loyal locals!
I went to this dump on Friday 02/08/2014. Actually it was the morning of Saturday 02/09/2014 at 1:00am. I wanted to just walk through and have a few drinks and see if there was any attractive women at the bar. I was met at the door by what appeared to be some sort of bouncer. He was the most unfriendly bouncer I have ever met at a door. He asked for my ID, and after he inspected and found I was clearly 21 he mumbled "$20 cover charge." I said, "WHAT?" He repeated "T-W-E-N-T-Y D-O-L-L-A-R-S!!!" What a punk. I said "no thank you, I wouldn't pay O-N-E D-O-L-L-A-R especially after being spoken too like that.." I will never go back. I am guessing this place will be closed within 6-12 months if they don't change how they treat people.
This place is more like McSadden...we walked in, there was not anyone at the front, there was a group of like 8!sitting outside & two tables inside.  There were two people at the bar, the rest of the place was dark with chairs on the tables & back inside bar.  We should have turned around & walked out but instead our direction took us deeper in.  Finally we saw an employee other then the guy behind the bar who never acknowledges us.  We were told that it was open seating and to sit anywhere.  After a long 5 minutes a girl finally came by and took our drink orders.  She was back fairly quick, no surprise there with our drinks.  I asked if they had corned beef & cabbage being that St Patricks day is coming & she replied no.  I asked her what kind of an Irish place was this to not have that?  When she finally stopped laughing she just shuffled her shoulders & said sorry.  There is nothing special about this bar food place.  If not for the unlimited happy hour until they go out of business, I don't believe they would have any business.  After we were done with less then impressive bar food, we left & noticed every place around them was packed.  Like I said, we had plenty of opportunity to run but we did not. The last kicker, the place below then which is NOT an Irish place is advertising corned beef & cabbage starting the 14th.  This place I am not sure as even the waitress did not know. Its a great place for a drink & that is about it.  The kicker, I had to go to the bar to ask to pay as our waitress disappeared in the back and never came back after dropping off the bill.
Slow unaware rookie bartenders & staff in general, more concerned about taking shots than helping customers, definitely do not recommend this place.
Security guard (older man) was a total a**hole! I had ONE question for him and he interrupted me mid-sentence and put his hands on me for NO REASON! Excuse me but I am a grown woman not a little child getting drunk here! Treat people with respect! I just wanted to ask something real quick. F THIS PLACE! It's is super TRASHY, crappy drinks, DIRTY INSIDE, and to top it off security were jerks??? No way, no how will I ever go here again and neither should you. It's a bunch of 21 years olds that are sloppy drunk and trashy. I pray this place goes out of business. McFadden's is a big NOPE!!!!
Last night we attended an event for Project Teddy, a local charity for children's cancer. It was a prearranged cocktail crawl in Townsquare, Mcfadden's was our third stop. When we walked in the door they would not honor the drink tickets that were part of the purchase of your ticket for the evening (one drink at each stop). They said that the manager who had approved the event had been demoted to a cook so they wanted to charge five dollars per person to Project Teddy for the 110 people that were in the group. Needless to say we all got up and walked out immediately. This event is for children suffering with cancer and McFadden's management wanted to make money on it over and above the money they were going to make from the food and beverage orders that people would have placed had we stayed there. I will never go to there again.
Food was decent. The only reason I'm giving them 2 stars. Service was terrible! This place has an identity crisis. They can't decide if they want to be a restaurant or a nightclub. We arrived just after 9 pm for dinner, and right about then they become a nightclub. This place is in a shopping mall so my friend had a Bath and Body works bag and they weren't sure if she should be allowed in or not. Our server took our order and brought our check. A runner brought our food and drinks and she never checked on us at all. We requested napkins and were never given any. Bouncer refused to take our photo. Such a joke. I reminded him he works at McFadden's in a mall, but he said he couldn't. The DJ played early 90s music, which is our genre. Even though the crowd was considerably younger. They could've made a bigger tip off us than anyone in the place, but didn't pay us much attention. Will never return. And will expect a different place in a few months, as per usual for this location.
The weekend crew is good. Tuesday around 7pm not so snappy. Sticking to the weekend program.
This place is horrible! They have a ridiculous cover charge and after 11 they have somewhat of a dress code. This is a bar not a multi million dollar nightclub. The security staff that work the doors have a sense of great power, holding the line up to their discretion when not anywhere near capacity. My friend showed up exactly at 11 and wanted to charge him cover and not let him in because he had a t shirt on like the rest of us already inside. Captain save the day doorman said he would let him in for a $20 tip, seriously?! The drinks are hard to get due to the lack of service and when you finally do get one, it's served in a small cheap flimsy plastic cup that is full of ice and completely watered down. Do yourself a favor and take your hard earned money somewhere else that deserves your business. This location has been a failure multiple times and it looks like mcfaddens will not be here much longer with the way they run their business.
Ive come to Mcfaddens a couple times due to their cheap drinks and have had the same horrible experience with servers every time! This time, the bartender didn't like the tip my friend left (which was the standard of a couple bucks per drink) and blew her whistle and continued to call my friend out on it in front of the whole bar!! She's lucky she even got a tip after making us wait for half an hour while serving people who just walked up to the bar after me when i was obviously there before them. The bartenders here act like total mean girls and its a very unpleasant experience. They bully customers and act so unprofessionally. No wonder nobody tips them. They're all a bunch of nasty mean girls. I'd give negative stars if I could.
Waitress was very nice... Aside that, food was thumbs down :-(  We had the veggie burger, chicken fingers, and Irish nachos (tater tots).   Avocado on veggie burger was brown and "burger pattie" was slippery/slimey, lettuce on side salad was wilted,   chicken fingers were okay, tots were for my brother he said they were ok. We also never got actual silverware lol. A lonely fork came on the plate of my salad.   Idk why when  certain places don't give you your full change back either. Our bill was 30.81$, I gave her 100$, I got 69$ back when the receipt states  69.19$...where's my 0.19$..... Just saying. No big. Okkkk. TVs are literally the only reason it attracted us.
Just tried this location at Town Square. For a Saturday night with the UFC fights on all the TVs, this place was dead. Not a good sign for this location. Unfortunately, I don't have high hopes for this place based on the food and service, both of which were really bad. My wife has the fish and chips, and the fish was overbattered and overcooked. The fries are 'meh'. I had the Shepherd's Pie, which is served on a skillet with a covering of mashed potatoes. Wasn't very tasty, and the serving size is really small for $15. I do not recommend it. My Guinness was served in a stange (a slender cylinder for the non-beer drinking crowd). The glass was labelled "Fosters". I have never in my life seen Guinness served in a stange, and it was a bad look for an Irish bar. The worst thing was that the bartender didn't let the Guinness settle at all, just a straight pour to the top. Ugh. That is a sin in any bar, but it's crazy poor service for an Irish bar. Our waitress appeared to be having a bad day, and she was inattentive and unfriendly.  The only worker that was pleasant was the guy that brought the food to the table. I really cannot recommend this place. There's a Yard House downstairs from this place if you're looking for an alternative at Town Square.
I feel like it won't be long before this establishment is on the list of failed restaurants that have previously occupied this same space.  The service is not there, the food isn't appetizing.  There are other options to choose from within Town Square- I wouldn't recommend McFadden's as one of my faves.
Decor -Fail Menu -Fail Pricing - Fail Ambience - Fail Table setup - Fail Food - Fail Manager/Owner - Fail/Fail 6 Month and it will closed  I feel bad for the people working for this dbag, run and find another job! 1 star becouse you have to post!  Details for rating: I was excited to see another open in place of TGI Fridays after all these years. But that only lasted a few seconds! A very weird buildup around the bar, it's like a box inside of a box and the tables are just an after thought for dinning! Black walls no decor but cheap beer neon signs, no lights just Christmas light strung overhead of dining tables, very dark and the print on menu is so small you cant read. No music just akward silence. Waitress said a lot people use there phones to read the menu!! Manager n is about this - that's a problem! It's like they don't know what they want to be - tortilla soup as the daily soup in an Irish restaurant - odd! Linen table clothes that continues moving all over table. There is only maybe 4 items that is Irish on the menu, it all over the place. Then they have steaks at the price of Shula's... Uh no way was I going to try that! Now let's talk about the food! It was horrible! The mozzarella sticks were barely warm and they serve the marina sauce cold, no really it's meant to be cold! The Shepard pie, well half of it was burnt and you could smell the burnt cheese. There was no flavor!! And it was suggested - no highly pushed to me and another table to use the HP Steak sauce to make it taste better! Really use a table condiment to add flavor!!! Wheres the meat???? I could barely find it among the frozen peas and carrots! That was disgusting! Sent that back and waitress was nice about that! Round 2 - meatloaf, again no flavor had to soak in ketchup, as waitress pwas asking me about the meatloaf the owner/manager approached table. I told him I'm glad I had ketchup! It has no flavor! He then asked with his hand in pockets and a bs attitude how they should cook! I then explained that my teenage daughter makes a better meatloaf and their shepards pie didn't have flavor either! He then asked how they should cook it and what I would add to make it better! I told him I'm not a chef but you can go to Cornish Pasty on Dobson and Guadalupe and ask them how one done! The guy was a dbag and after asking several times about -well if you can't eat it and it not comfortable for, I don't want to eating. so I told him fine. He grabbed my plate and ran away like a child. He didn't offer anything else or nothing. So We waited for the waitress to return and she dropped the check and they only took of my meal! Considering the attitude from the owner/manager the entire meal should have comped especially the display he made in front of my kid!
Attractive, but unfinished inside. Window still has previous restaurants hours and happy hour listed. No specials, no happy hour. Server was kind, but had NO menu knowledge. Our meal was way below par even for pub food. Owner/manager(?) had a perfect opportunity to take care of us being that we were served stale cold food, but instead invited us to:   1. Come back 2. Find him 3. Ask for free food to make up for the stale cold food we were served.   We won't be back.
St. Patrick's Day and after a day of work and night at the gym I wanted to go out and get an order of corned beef & cabbage and a Guinness. After two failed attempts at other establishments (one $10 per person to get in and the second closed the kitchen at 8) I called O'Brien's. I was impressed that they answered the phone, it sounded quiet in the background, and their kitchen was open until 12.   It is right behind the Fiesta Mall and had plenty of parking. When I walked in it was spacious and although there were several people it was not too busy - and it was quiet. We sat down at 9:20 in the bar area. There was a guy cleaning tables beside us and two servers that walked by multiple times. The hostess came in, gave someone a menu, and left. We still waited.   I looked at everyone as they waited on surrounding tables or walked by, yet we went unacknowledged. I stopped someone and asked if we could get a minute. We finally received one and it was some minutes before the server came to our table. When she did she said "oh wait - let me get some paper to write down your order". She returned quickly and wrote down the corned beef & cabbage, a Guinness, and lemonade.   We waited, and waited, and waited some more. I was growing increasingly impatient. I saw her occasionally walking around, yet we still had no drink. 15 minutes, 20 minutes, 30 minutes. Still no drink. I understand the food would take longer, but the drinks? I looked at their clock and it said 8:57. I stopped a different server walking by told her I was five minutes from walking out. She asked why and I informed her we still didn't have drinks.   A guy came up, apologized and I said whatever - I am leaving in three minutes. He asked what we ordered. I said apparently a time consuming lemonade and Guinness because we can't seem to get one in under a half hour. He looked shocked and asked what food we ordered. He apologized and said he would check on it. I reminded him he was down to two minutes and I didn't care what he did with it.   He did hustle and brought the lemonade and Guinness, and apologized. Then he went into the back and immediately returned with a plate of corned beef and cabbage. We had also at some point added mozzarella sticks and he returned a couple of minutes later with those. Our original server came by and she said "oh, sorry" and asked if she could get anything else for us. I said how about a second set of silverware. She said okay, but we never did see that surface.   Another server stopped by, apologized and said "there have been a lot of mix-ups tonight". She said the manager would stop by and talk to us, but he was with someone else right now. The helpful male server stopped by again to see if we needed anything, and the manager showed up at the same time. He dropped off another Guinness and lemonade that must have been from the kid's menu. I told him I didn't think I would drink that other beer. He said "try", then he walked the male server to the side and asked where we came from....meaning whose table did he take over. Then he said something about taking the food and someone had been waiting for something for a long time - it sounded like he was getting in trouble for helping out. Maybe he took someone else's food. I don't know what their story was, and sorry I we ate your food.   The manager never did speak to us other than giving us the free drinks we didn't want. They did not take anything off the bill - the corned beef, the cheese sticks, lemonade, and Guinness came to $26.45. We also never received the second set of silverware.   I understand it is St. Patrick's Day and most places are crazy busy. This was not that busy and had sufficient staff coverage. For an Irish bar this is your Black Friday. You have one day that you are really busy and need to be at the top of your game. This was far from it. The food was good, but the service (except for the one guy who eventually got talked to) was horrible. It was slow and I was getting annoyed before it really was slow and I was annoyed. It should not take that long to get a menu, and then drinks should be immediate - not 40 minutes.   I appreciate the server who tried to help, even if he got in trouble. Even though the food was good, I will never go back to that business. If someone were to take my dead body and put it in the restaurant I would turn into a zombie if nothing more than to walk out of there.
The worst St. Patrick's ever. We waited 30 minutes to be seated, and nobody helped us at all, so we decided to sit ourselves in the bar area. We cleaned out our own table (waitress left her cleaning supplies on the table and left to do something else and came back 15 minutes later). We ordered 2 drinks, and that was around 20 minutes wait. Then ordered an appetizer and 2 entrees, and after 40 minutes of waiting, we had to ask our waitress for the appetizer which she forgot to order. In the meantime, other tables (of people that got there way after us) where having meals that they didn't ordered, cold plates, etc. but at least they were having food. She brought the appetizer 15 minutes later, but not our food, waited another 30 minutes for the food and we had to look for her (she was all over the place and unavailable) to ask her about the food. She came back 15 minutes later to tell us they run out of what we ordered around 1 and a half hours before. We left right after, really hungry and after 2 1/2 hours of the worst service and wait ever. I don't have an opinion about the food, because we didn't "have the chance" to eat, but If you want to keep in business, you will need to hire qualified and more staff. Super disappointing experience.
This was a descent place when it was open. It didn't even last one year. I blame the owner. The food was really good, the servers were eager to help you, sometimes too eager since I never saw more than 1 other customer there in their early days. I think the most I have ever seen was five tables being served in the dining room.  Hence the problem. The owner acted like a stubborn ass, and would not do any advertising. He did not take any advice from local patrons or his employees. He did not seem to try and reach out to the community. He would also talk customers' ears off while they ate and would berate his employees publicly. This area of town is already struggling to lift itself out of the recession, and we could tell this guy's business was doomed from the start.  It's too bad. it was a nice place with great food. Now it is another abandoned building adding to the already existing blight in this part of Mesa. I feel bad for the employees. They deserved better.
An acquaintance recommended this as THE sweet meat and skirt steak place to eat. However, I now beg to differ regarding the sweet meats.   Inside resembles almost a quasi-diner/ Italian bistro with a functional bar facing the long row deli counter.So far not very impressive.  But we sit and we order the sweet meats. Is it legal to serve rubber disguised as sweet meats? Because mine was so rubbery I almost has to ask for a cleaver. whew. And I got the feeling that they made them two or three days ago and just brought them out of the freezer. The taste was rather bland, which wouldn't have been so bad if they didn't sqeak when I chewed them.   The tapas were dry, burnt, under-seasoned, and over egg-washed. I imagine that a Dr. Schol's shoe insert would have similar taste. And I love tapas. How could they do this to me?!   And I know this fare is known for skirt steaks and meat dishes, but I felt fish sounded better. I guess I'm going tone deaf. There was a crisped edged gristly quality that bordered on what I imagine translates to what a raccoon feels like eating those little sun-fried fish in a dried up lake bed. At least the lemon hid the nonexistent flat fishy flavor. OK, so fish isn't their strong suite.   I agree the service was spotty. Sometimes there, sometimes not. Usually asking questions right after you've taken a bite and your mouth is full. The did fill up the lemonade twice, though. I think it was that, or really weak tea. I can't remember. And after giving us a sheel fish dish by mistake ( my luncheon companion is deathly allergic by the way, as we told the waitress prior to the meal ) things smoothed out somewhat.   So my experience never left room for me to seek out their strengths. But if you can't serve a decent tapa, fish dish, or sweet meat, how can you expect me to dish out any more moola. I even had to forego the flan, for fear of total culinary collapse.   So this was lunch on a weekend, maybe not the best cooks, maybe not the freshest items, but c'mon, this was crazy. And when I told my acquaintance this, she said, 'Oh, their fish isn't that good, I only go with Argentinians, and we only order meat items. Gee, thanks a lot'.   Just to show I'm not a total curmudgeon- maybe, just maybe I'll try dinner one of these days. The Deli counter had some nice items, and the meats did have a nice aroma.
I have been craving Argentine food since returning from Buenos Aires in March.  I finally made it over to Rincon de Buenos Aires.  I was very disappointed overall.  The ambiance was cute-- it's part deli, part restaurant, and part grocery.  Service was warm and friendly.  I was happy to be able to buy some alfajores (dulce de leche cookies) to take home.  I also appreciated their selection of South American sodas.  Unfortunately, the food just wasn't very good.  One of the things I crave more than anything is a provoleta.  This is provolone cheese seasoned with oregano and then grilled.  The provoleta here was small and tasted like it came out of a microwave.  It was sad and boring.  The empanadas I tried (we ordered one of each variety) were all blah.  The steak was a huge disappointment.  It was like an average supermarket steak that hadn't been properly cooked or seasoned.  It was grilled unevenly and the chimichurri was bland and boring.  I would not go back to Rincon de Buenos Aires unless I were just picking up items from the grocery selection.
Everytime I pass this place, I tell myself I should give it a try, it looked intresting        Since today I was trying to low carb it I just ordered the chicken, so this review is solely based on the chicken and service . The chicken was so-so, nothing special to me.           IMO Costco put out a better tasting product. The chicken did  not look or taste fresh. The server brought out four sauces in squeeze bottles and as she was explaining each sauce she had the bad habit of pointing and touching the tips of the spout, yes where the sauce comes out, gross. At least she did not lick her fingers as she was doing this. I watched her do the finger thing to another table, so I guess it's a habit with her. I skimmed my wife carol's k 's review and noticed she would go back, I guess she dines alone;)
Always have been a big fan of Inka Chicken from back when it was on Maryland Parkway & Karen until it closed. I was very excited when I was driving down Rainbow & seen the new restaurant. I was planning to surprise the Mrs. and take her to dinner there on Sunday.   When we walked in there were only 2 other tables taken so we were seated right away. We were anxious to try their Peruvian food. We checked out the menu and decided to try a variety of different meals.   So far so good. We placed our order & my wife was explaining to me about the new owner, & that he was from Argentina. While we were waiting for our food I guess the owner showed up as well with his lovely son, and daughter. Everything still good so far.   Our order finally came & most of the dishes were pretty bland, flavor wise & we added our additional seasonings which made it ok. While we were eating we noticed the kids were running back & fourth from the kitchen to the lobby....no big deal. Until the little girl started playing with the handle of the fire extinguisher, and I also noticed the pin missing & guess which direction it was pointing. But, luckily no harm, no fowl......she left it alone when she seen her father coming back.   Now heres the kicker even though the food was ok, the owner came out and spoke to a gentleman at the first table and shook his hand. Then proceeded to the second table in front of us & talked to the couple there. He then walked right pass our table & started speaking with another couple that just came in a few minutes before we got our food. I asked my wife (who is from Peru by the way) if he really just walked by us & said nothing.....WOW !!! Was it because I'm a Black American with a Peruvian wife or what? I was going to ask if there was a problem, but my wife talked me out of the confrontation. All he had to do was ask how we enjoyed our meal (in spanish or english) & then went to the next table, then everything would have been fine.   All I can say is WTF.......If the owner treats all his customers that way he would be out of business soon. There is not a chance in HELL we are ever going there again! New management, old style racism !!! Man.... what year is this? Only gave one star because you can't give a zero!   Still gave the waitress a nice tip out of sympathy if anything else.
See my review under Inka Chicken.....without the Che.
Ordered 1 cebiche de pescado $10.95 which contained : 2 onces sweet potato 2 full regular potato 1oz chanchita( peruvian deep fried corn) 4-5 onces big chunks tilapia fish At first I though it was too much fish, but then I realized it was a big sliced red onion underneath the fish!!! Was this an onion cebiche or a fish cebiche? You can see a picture of how the cebiche looked like, I just uploaded it. Its the one that says "the smallest cebiche I've ever had"
Based solely on the pollo saltado "peruvian fajitas", which was the only thing I tried, I probably would never eat peruvian food here or anywhere else again.    It was all the worst things about bad chinese fast food dark meat chicken, only with no sauce to hide that fact, served over soggy french fries and rice.  I wanted to try the ahi de gallina, but they didn't have it when I was there - I don't know if that was temporary or permanent. I'm not sure if I'll be able to stomach going back to try again to give it another chance.
I live around the corner and figured I'd give the place a try.  Since it is a cafe I assumed they would have a variety of tasty sandwiches to choose from.  Boy was I wrong.  They literally have 4 sandwiches to chose from and they are nearly identical.  3 pieces of bread, mayo, and egg are on everything.   They apparently think their clientele is made up of grade school children because they cut the crust off of the bread.    The sandwiches are pre-made, they just pulled it out of the fridge and gave me half.  Good luck saying "no mayo".  Who sells a sandwich by the half?  It had 3 pieces of bread, a smearing of mayo with pimiento on one side, and a razor thin piece of cheese or ham in the other.  When I saw how lame the sandwich was I asked for an Empenada too but they told me 10 minutes to heat it up.  I wasn't waiting for that, I was hungry.  The sandwich was average and even though he gave me a card to get a free sandwich, I will not be going back.  They sell smoothies if you are into that.  But, they have the name "cafe" in the title so that is how they will be judged.  Poor excuse for a sandwich, plus no variety, plus no substance, plus no selection equals a disaster of a place.    Drink options are bottled soda or bottled water.  After eating the 3 bite sandwich (it literally could have been smashed into 1 bite) in the car before pulling out of the parking lot I immediately wondered where I was going to get lunch.  That is a bad sign.    There are way to many good places with variety, value, and freshness in the area to waste your time trying this place out.
Not a fan. Fries didn't taste good and didn't like the taste of the sandwiches at all.   I won't be coming back.
Just ok.  Chicken empenada was good, but given its size should have cost closer to $1 not $2.39.  Sandwich wasn't very memorable.  Might try it again after they have a chance to work out the kinks.
Yuk-O. I work just down the street and read the reviews so thought it would be great. Wrong! They gyro was ok, but the salad that came with it was nasty, wilted lettuce with a brown slice of tomato and a blob of dressing. Their prices are too expensive for lunch and to top it off the girl working take out was totally snotty and rude when I asked some questions about the menu. This one is a pass for me.
Yuck. The chicken tasted more like the grill than the meat itself.  The "salad" was shredded lettuce with dressing, no veggies.  The location is great, so I'm a little disappointed the food wasn't better.
I've picked up a gyro from here before and couldn't really remember if I had liked it, so I stopped to grab something quick on my way back to work. I've read some reviews that say their falafel is good, which I can't speak to. I can say that the gyro, the side greek salad that came with it and the baklawa were overpriced and disgusting. The shredded iceberg that topped the gyro and comprised most of the salad was browing and reminded me of what subway would have thrown out .The baklawa was soggy. This might explain why they were completely empty and able to serve me quickly right around noon on a week day. I'd say the Schlotsky's two doors down would be a better and cheaper options. If I really want a gyro, I'll go the mall food court and get a cheaper gyro that actually tastes good from Pita Jungle.
If anyone says this place is decent or good obviously has not had good pita sandwiches. The prices were ridiculous regardless of location, skimpy portions and seriously lacks in flavor. Had the Gyro and Falafel. Will never return.
OMG!  Can someone show these people how to make stuffed grape leaves?  If I wanted the leaves with a couple pieces of rice in them I'd make them myself. Small, small appetizers for $8 each.  Not worth the money cause you can get a better deal somewhere else. Oh, it's Scottsdale you say?  Well, whoop-tie doo, but I still don't get off getting ripped off with small portions with normal prices. And we sat outside on a very chilly day.  I mean, this place is truly hole in the wall charging Ocean Club prices.  Get real, folks. The hummus was good, the sandwiches--sans much chicken--was okay, the tabbouleh tasted good for the little bit we got. Yeah, another Scottsdale place that charges high prices while giving you little in return. If this is your thing, then go for it.  It just isn't mine.
Horrible service!!! I was visiting from LA and we hav tons of hookah places. Since the moment we sat down they gave us a huge attitude. After seating us it took them over 10minutes to even akcnowledge us. They had only 4 other tables so not busy at all and the waiter visited them several times before he even responded to me flaging him down. I asked him for any hoolah he would like to bring us. 10min later the hookah arrived but we had to wait another 5 mins to get charcol. They put this tiny charcols which went out in a few minutes. I actuallt had to get up and go to ask for more. Then i asked the waiter is he can give me a menu to order some food and something to drink. He said ohh the kitchen is closed. I said well can I atleast get a drink? He said sure and got me a beer.  The interesting part was that they continued serving the other tablea with food atleast 30minutes after i asked him.  Service is the key in these kind of business. I guess that is acceptable in Arizona but this place would not survive one day in LA.  Poor management...
Gross. New owners. New salad. New garlic dip (now made with mayonnaise). Sub par now.
2 stars go to food. Great food! Girl at front, not so great. No greeting as I came in. She kept her sunglasses on. I proceeded over with caution as I began to consider that she actually could be dead...that is until she reached over to her bag of pistachios and proceeded to crack one open and eat it in front of me. After a sigh of relief, I decided to initiate interaction to get the ball rolling. Told her it was my first time there and didn't know what to get. She responded with, "gyros great" as she continued to munch on her nuts. I decided on the chicken kabob...The restaurant itself, eh, a little uncleanly. Cute little place if they made an effort to wipe the grease from the ceiling and pay attention to people that want to give them money for food. May or may not be back...depends on if girl at front is still busy eating
I was casing this place to see if it could measure up and be included in the lunch rotation.  Instead, it became an anecdote.  Or maybe I didn't measure up, and was being encouraged not to include Pita House in my lunch rotation.  About halfway through my visit, I knew this was a one-time visit.  All the signs were piling up.  I entered the take out section and was led to the dining area.  Obviously a first timer, the waitress seemed bemused by my newness and uncompelled to offer any assistance.  Maybe she knew I wasn't returning before I did.  I felt like I was being marked for sides, drinks, and up sales rather than being welcomed.  By the time the food came, I had already decided not to return unless it was the best lunch ever and the meal was between okay and good, but closer to good.  There are so few places where rudeness is part of the charm of the place.  It is just so hard to pull off.  I had the chicken shawarma.  The chicken cubes were juicy, and the tahini sauce was good, but lacking.  On the plus side, there doesn't seem to be a shortage of restaurants in downtown Scottsdale.  Next!!
heres a tip directly from Gordon Ramsey himself.... if theres pictures of the food on the menu...RUN!!! and thats what we should have done...beware people! the food is hands down terrible...the lettuce was wilted, the tomato's tasted like they were just about to sour if not already...my Gyro tasted like hamburger meat, my wires chicken had no taste at all...under seasoned and over cooked... the Humus had way too much garlic, and tasted watered down...and there were sliced pickles in it!!! expensive as well...$30 for a Gyro and a chicken kabob with a side of humus.... if you see this place, stay away...the hooka draws you in and the catchy name...but the food just docent live up to it....(bring a sick bag)
I was intrigued by the great reviews of Pita House. A good middle eastern restaurant is difficult to find.   Unfortunately, Pita House falls short. Falafel was not very good. Tastes bland and a bit stale as if it was sitting around for awhile. The pita bread was not fresh at all, way too chewy.  The service was actually really good.. Maybe I caught them on a bad day, because the place looked authentic and the reviews seemed favorable.  I was very disappointed.  By the way, my standard for falafel is Mamoun's Falafel in Manhattan, NY with 1000+ reviews. That's how falafel is done...
For all you alliterates out there. I've experienced quite a line of lackluster lunchroom locations as of late, and I'd like to learn what little leprechaun is leaning their bad luck my way.  With that out of my system. I've got to say this place has got the market cornered on mediocre. A quick visit to their official website shows a claim of "Voted #1 Mediterranean/Middle Eastern ..." I assure you, they did NOT get my vote.  As far as the service was concerned; we were one of two tables seated about 6 - 7pm on a Wednesday, the waitress visited us 1) to take our order, 2) deliver our drinks, 3) drop off / pickup our check. Someone from the kitchen delivered our food. Our waitress didn't seem rude during the few times she did swing by, but also wasn't excited for us to be there.  We started with an order of hummus, which turned out to be neither here nor there, then ordered a Gyro Plate and Kafta (Kubideh). The gyro meat seemed pre-packaged and the kafta (grilled ground beef) seemed underspiced and bland. We did; however, order a tasty chicken skewer side, which was good.   Nothing about this meal was really fantastic and I definitely not worth coming back. I'm guessing they do most of their business during late night after people have had too much to drink to realize they're eating a sub par meal.  Be sure to let me know where your favorite Gyro is, 'cause I'm still looking!
Just bought by a new owner that has cut the portions by half but kept the prices the same. Order the small hummus and find out how small a serving of hummus can be. I would estimate that the schwarma has about 2 ounces of meat. I felt completely taken advantage of. I've never complained about portions before but I told our waitress that the portions were a total rip off. She was very nice and added some more hummus but even counting that, i think it was still very little for $6 hummus appetizer.  Ignore the good reviews, those were before the new cheapskate owner. Its obvious they are targeting tourists with high prices and low portion to get every penny out of them since they likely wont return anyway.  The new owner is obviously not just cheaping on the food, one poor girl worked the takeout section, the bar, and the restaurant. As far as I can tell she was the only one working on a Sunday at 1pm.  However, she was very nice and did the best she could. She was the only reason they got 1 star.
I found a DEAD fly in my salad coated in dressing. The server didn't charge me at least but oh my goodness. I will Not be returning
Horrible dark dirty place, bad service, totally in-authentic food. Anyone who thinks this is good Med food was born, raised and lived in Apache Junction their entire  life
Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Mike C. & Jackie C.  I had a regular Gyro, which comes with a Greek Salad.  It was good, and the service was ok.  There were some negatives, though:  *  They opened 15 minutes late, & even that was with having go to ask the snarky gal working in the take-out room when they were going to open the dining room.     :-(  *  The restaurant itself has a bar & the whole room was kind of dark, boozy smelling & run down...  wobbly tables, etc.  Not my style.     :-|  We were the only customers during our lunch visit.  Classic Gyro & Side Salad:  $7.99
Went to grab a quick bite yesterday with a colleague and we decided to go to Pita House.  Big Mistake.  We called in our order and the gal on the phone seemed like it we were putting her out.  I guess the computer in the non restaurant section (where we'd be picking up our food) was down.  We weren't told how long it would be or how much our order was going to cost.  I ordered the gyro pita with the house salad.   We head over, pay and get out order (the gal seemed irritated to have to walk over to the other side to run the card), and head back to work.  I dive into my lunch and something is off.  The salad was warm, like wilted warm.  Who wants to eat warm floppy lettuce?  Anyone...Anyone...Bueller?      My gyro was drowning in tzatziki.  I ended up throwing most of my lunch away -  there was no salvaging any of it.  Not sure if there's new owners or management...but the quality and customer service has definitely gone downhill.    If I return, it wont be for a while.
DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT.  The owner is not honorable.  The owner advertises with restaurant.com.  However, upon presentation of the voucher, he refuses to honor.  Before going to restaurant, we confirmed the vouchers validity over the phone.  A better choice is Pita Jungle or Persian Room.
I confirmed with restaurant.com that the voucher was valid and that the owner acted in an inappropriate manner.  AVOID PITA HOUSE.
Just glancing at the other poor reviews on here, I'm willing to bet the young lady with the lousy attitude is the very same one we were unlucky enough to have serve us tonight. I don't think I've seen someone who was worse at hiding their contempt for service in a while. After serving only half the table their food and disappearing, trpuble calculating the bill, and multiple other mistakes, it truly seemed like we were really annoying her having to inquire about her errors. Passive aggressive, forgetful, apathetic and complacent, this otherwise fantastic Pita joint, really needs to do some staff-housecleaning.
So unsatisfied the meat was so under cooked and the service was not good, my food was cold and the hummus dry.  It's never good when you leave a restaurant still hungry.  The rice was not fresh &  I was  so thirsty because my waitress forgot about me.  Overall 2 thumbs down
I walked in to order carry out and interrupted a waitress smoking her hookah.  She didn't even get up right away to help me, guess she needed a few more hits.  Service is so rude especially for this upper class area.  This place is a hole in the wall.  I had to wait for my food in the same area Miss Congeniality was sucking her hookah with her boyfriend.  The food was just ok, doesn't warrant another visit.
Great atmosphere and food but super slow service, pricey drinks, and sometimes you never receive your hookah. Idk if the new ownership knows how to run a smooth service. I miss the old staff and prompt happy service.  The good things... belly dancers are entertaining; when you do receive a hookah, it's great, the food is very good and fast once you get to order.  It's too bad they can't get the service to be a little better! Could be an amazing spot!
Absolute worst service I have ever experienced. They even tell you they don't serve tap water so that they can charge for bottled water. They are rude and inattentive. I  would never come back. Wish i could give less than 1 star.
I've loved this place for many years. Best hummus ever in my opinion. I love the pickles and olive oil on top. I also loved the chicken Schwarma until everything changed. New owners, staff and new food. The portion size of the hummus became ridiculously tiny but the price remained the same. When my co workers and I would pick up food to go, we could split the hummus. Now, they basically smear a very thin layer on the plate or to go box that is no bigger than a 1/4 inch in thickness. Am I the only one who has noticed this? Now, one hummus barely feeds one person so it's impossible to share. I'm sad and I'll miss the hummus but based on principle I won't go back there. The portion size is a joke. Plus, last time I ordered chicken with it, it was so tough my teeth couldn't cut thru it, ew
This used to be pretty good, now, not so much. The place smelled like cigarette smoke and spice. Not good. The windows were covered in handprints, the sidewalk stained with spills. The blonde waitress kept scratching her head, then went and put our stuff in a to go bag, yuck. I saw the guy preparing the food. He just reached in and grabbed some lettuce bare handed and stuck it in a to go box. That was kind of disgusting too. Real turn offs, I took the food but was too grossed out to eat it, so I just tossed it. No way I would return.
Painfully slow service.  When we arrived, there were only 2 other parties - both of whom were inside smoking.  So, we elected to go outside.  It took forever for our waitress to take our order but after she finally did, a few other parties trickled in.  We were there with our kids and intentionally sat away from anyone smoking but, within a short time, others came outside and started smoking so we were surrounded.    We waited and waited for our food and watched while others who came in after us got their food.  At one point, the waitress apologised saying they had a huge party.  Not sure when the huge party got there but, they weren't there when we walked in.    Finally got our appetizer - chicken with garlic and mushrooms.  Canned mushrooms.  Gross.  The chicken and sauce were good but seriously?  Canned mushrooms?  How much effort does it take to chop a few fresh mushrooms?  I had the gyro salad - it had iceberg lettuce, a couple tomato slices and a few cucumbers.  The gyro meat was good but, really?  iceberg lettuce?  Sigh....  It did come with tzatziki sauce but, I've had better.  This tasted like it came out of a bottle - definitely not freshly made.   It was ok but, if you don't want to be inhaling smoke your entire meal, good luck....it seems as there is no place you can go to get away from it.  And the food is just ok.  Probably won't be back.
This place used to be the bomb. Too bad new owners and the energy of the place went down.   Today i went with my wife to watch the World Cup and ordered the special. When I went to pay it was $17 for only one plate which had 3 pieces of kebabs and a side of yogurt.   This place lost it's fun. Too sad to see it go downhill.
I'd have to disagree largely with a lot of the reviewers. I've been to this location about 4 times and was introduced to it by a former boyfriend. It's a hole in the wall, no other way to go around it. That can be a good or a bad thing. Sometimes you experience the best food in places like those. That wasn't the case for me. The hookah just was not very good. The decor seemed cheap and the waitresses were young and it was obviously their first time serving in the industry. I will say it is authentic, but i've definitely had better. The food was okay. Not great, just okay. I'm not sure if I would go back.
Went there as part of a group.  The food was fine, but nothing really blew me away.  Service was good and fast, but since I don't smoke, I really didn't like hanging around in there.  If you're not a smoker, this is not a great place for you.
If I had a chance I would rate this place as -1. Was on my way to another place but did not check the timings and the place was closed when I reached. Quickly searched for other mediterranean places nearby and called Olive to find out if the place was open. The guy on the phone seemed very friendly and asked me what I would like to order and he could have it ready for pickup. I asked him if I could taste the chicken before ordering it and he said that would be fine. I am a new and very reluctant chicken eater in my quest to eat more protein so based on this info, I decided to head over to this place.  The billing desk was swamped with several waitresses, and yet it took me a few minutes to request for someone's assistance and look at the menu. It took even longer to get someone to take my order.  The girl I spoke to, told me that they did not have sample options and I could not taste to see. I understood but told her about my phone convo few minutes ago with someone at their restaurant. She went to get an older lady who was possibly the manager or something, Mona. The woman told me that they could not me taste anything as they need to prepare big batches of food for each order seperately. Her tone seemed condescending and even though I was ready to walk out of the place, I decided to order the chicken na na as they told me it was good. The chicken na na was supposed to be a tender marinated chicken served with lettuce and tomato and house garlic sauce. I asked for the dish without the pita bread, to take out. Now, I may be wrong here but I think I read the price as 6.95 but the waitress charged 8.95 plus tax for this.  The only thing worth mentioning in the dish was the garlic sauce in a yogurt base and it was pretty good. The chicken was dry with what seemed like herbs and spices thrown over. There was nothing tender about the chicken and I ended up taking a few bites and wasting the rest.  Cannot comment on the ambience as I took my order to go. They could seriously benefit by having a few customer oriented staff members and improving the quality of food.  Very dissapointed and will not return even if this is the only place food is available.
I'm going to start off by saying that this review is pretty much exclusively for the service. I have been here several times with my boyfriend (we have never had a service issue until now) and the hookah is always good, the drinks are so-so but reasonably priced and I absolutely LOVE the decor. However, after last night, I'm not sure I will ever patronize this place again. If I could give it 0 stars, I would.   My boyfriend and I were meeting up with his uncle and friend who were already there. When we got there, we needed to be moved to a bigger table since they were sitting at a two seat one. It took us 5 minutes to get the waitress to come over, despite that there were only three other small groups in the place. When she did come over, she rolled her eyes and made a snarky comment about us moving table (the only thing we had was a hookah that needed to be moved...and she put us at the next table over so I would think that wouldn't be a big deal).  After we moved, she disappeared for 20 minutes. When we were finally able to get drinks, she disappeared for another 45 minutes (this is not an exaggeration either).   During the whole visit, this server made us feel like we were inconveniencing her by being in her breathing space when we asked her for anything. Her attitude made the whole group uncomfortable every time she would come over and, though we had intended to get some dinner as well while we were there, we finally got tired of being scared to ask her for anything so we just requested the bill. When we nicely asked her to split it (and I was being beyond patient at this point. I'm not someone who loses my temper with servers), she gave us a disgusted look and took an incredibly short, nasty tone with us but ultimately did it.   This was, no embellishing, the worst and rudest service I have ever received in my life. My boyfriend and I were more than happy to leave and go across the street the Blue Fin, where they were more than happy to have our business.
They do have a really lovely salad with a mystery dressing that none of us can identify. But the service was awful, had to bang on the bell several times, and the girl who came out from the back seemed irritated by us being there. Won't go back, as I can get as good elsewhere and not feel like I'm bothering them.
I came here for a friends surprise birthday party. I arrived around 9 pm so it was pretty empty in the place. I was surprised at the size and amount of chairs they have to seat people. Very nice, dark layout. It could deem as a great place to chill and hang out with friends after a long day. However, the service here is a bit lacking.   There were a lot of waitresses that night and they were huddling around the bar anticipating whether or not it'd be a busy night as I heard through their conversations. It was really dead and it was my first time there so I had no idea how it was on a busy night. I was really hungry while waiting for more people to arrive so I ordered a beef wrap and some hummus. Both weren't bad at all. I thought it was weird that the server took my card and opened up a tab for me as I was intentionally planning on not drinking that night, but I didn't say anything about it to her anyway.   More people started arriving about an hour later and the lounge gradually started filling up as well. We had a whole row of seats and couches for our party, but as more people started showing up the servers started to get anxious as we were flowing out of the specific area they had for us. There were also several hookahs out. It seemed as if they didn't want all that business for them or couldn't handle that many people.   They ended up making all of us get up and relocate into this bland side room which was away from all the music so it was a really weird atmosphere. It wasn't as comfortable as the lounge seating they had for typical guests, but they said we were taking up too much room out there apparently.   We did not get much service in this room either. I understand it turned into a pretty busy night, but I think they could've used another waitress or two to staff our large party. When I finally received my tab at the end of the night, I noticed they double charged me on my bill. The waitress seemed a little upset about this even though it wasn't my fault claiming that someone else had charged me extra, not her, but she refunded me in cash so it was okay. The whole ordeal and events of the night made me feel like I never wanted to come back again. At least the people I was with made the night a little more enjoyable.
I give it two stars cause the food was tasty but the service and the price trickery, the servers and attitude sux. Has great potential.
Meh.  I've had better.  Maybe I'm spoiled because my first shawarma experience was in Chicago... and it was mouth-wateringly, still-dreaming-about-it delicious.  I have yet to find a good shawarma place in Vegas, which is both disappointing and surprising.  Amena Bakery & Deli is the best shawarma I've had so far in the area though.  The Olive was just disappointing all around.  The pitas may have been warm, but they were not pillowy at all, and weren't anything to write home about (Amena's pitas are AWESOME).  The shawarma had an ok flavor, but was kind of dry.  I've had better flavored falafel just about everywhere else I've been, though they did taste fresh, and had a nice texture.  Sadly, my favorite part of the dish was the lettuce, tomatoes, and tahini sauce... just sad.
Way over priced, old furnishings, slow and inattentive staff. We got one hookah that was not lit correctly and when we asked him to light it correctly was rude about and finally gave up so we asked him to get someone else to do it. Which he did and then the problem was fixed. However by this time the small amount of tobacco was already mostly burned up. They do not give free refills on fountain drinks, ice tea or anything else. No free drinking water. I asked specifically for tap water and he still brought a bottle of cheap drinking water, then charged 2.75 for it. I had already bought one soda for the same price. The food is alright, however once again overpriced. On the weekends they do not let African-American people in unless they are with other people. That is terrible, if I would have known they did not I would have not even gone in the first place. I know this because a couple of my friends tried to come in the waiter says there where no tables available. I show up and get a table no problem. This place is terrible and should be shut down.
Boy was I deceived!  I've come here with my bf 3 different times this week and every single time we've walked in and out immediately because it was SOO DEAD. The days we went were Sunday, Saturday, and Wednesday. The last time I came here was on a Friday and I'm guessing that's their only busy day of the entire week. It was seriously DEAD every other time that we went, no more than 3 groups of people, so sad. I really wanted to come on a Saturday night since THEIR FLYER says that they have belly dancers. When we came in and saw nothing but an empty room my bf asked the manager about the dancers and he said "oh, thats on Thursday." Their flyer says nothing about dancers on Thursday...  I really loved this place the first time we went and I thought it'd be like that every night, but boy was I wrong!   Don't come here on any day other than Friday.
It was.. an interesting experience coming here. I can say off the top I never tried the food, I came here with a group of friends on a Saturday night. The music was loud, overbearing and the crowd was.. a little less than my personal taste in people ..  The decor was bad, even for low lighting.  They could probably use a major make over...
servers were rude hookah was decent french fries made my stomach hurt  wont be going back unless i'm forced
This place has gone out of business for quite sometime - and its not surprising. Yelp should update the status.
place shut down and for the right reasons - dirty, bad service, super expensive and they poured cheap Russian spirits in top shelf brand bottles, drinks were literally strip prices. But one thing was for sure - their falafels were amazing as were the shawarma sandwiches and their pickles. Miss it.
Really 2.5 stars overall. I ordered delivery 6 times from Eddie's.  The pizza is good, but a couple of times it was burnt and like cardboard. Called and complained the first time to no avail. After the second burnt pizza, I just stopped ordering from them.  That was about 2 months ago. The lemon garlic chicken sub is tasty, though. They are worth a try, maybe you'll have a better experience.
My experience at Eddie's Pizza Lounge was so bad it was laughable.  I went to order lunch to go on a Wednesday afternoon. The only people there were myself, the kid taking orders, and a cook. I checked out the menu above the cash register, decided on a Gyro for $6.99.  The transcript:  Me: Hey how're you doing. Can I have a gyro to go and a can of Coke?  Employee: Sure  (I hand him a ten and he gives me back 35 cents).  Me: How much is the coke?!  Employee: 75 cents.  Me (not knowing what the sales tax is): So you owe me at least $1, right? (I'm thinking more like $1.50 but whatever).  Employee: ....  Me: Can you give it to me?  Employee: (Gives me $1 bill).  (Now I notice their specials on a sign on the north wall of the place. Gyro with Fries for $4.99)  Me: Why don't you just give me the special for $4.99?  Employee: It comes with fries.  Me: I don't want the fries..you can charge me $4.99 and keep the fries.  Employee:  But it comes with fries.  Me: Ok fine. Give me the fries.  (I pay, He f*cks up the change again by 10 cents but I leave it alone. 5 minutes pass. Then he returns from the back.)  Employee: We're out of fries.  :)  Actually the experience made my day. It's nice to walk into a real-life comedy skit sometimes.  So for the review: The gyro was good. And for $4.99 (um..with fries) a good deal too. The place also has a hookah lounge that looked like it hadn't been used for weeks but I'm guessing they have a crowd after Tempe bars close - for both food and tobacco. They're open til 5 am.
This review is just for the "vegan" pizza we ate - there were other options that we did not try, and it actually seems like a pretty cool hookah bar.  Eating vegan is not always easy, so when I saw that this place offered vegan pizza, I knew that would be a cool place to try.  My friend (who is the actual vegan) were heading home after a concert looking for food.  His options were limited since it was really late.  Fortunately(?) for us this place was open.    The service was quick and for nine dollars you get a good sized 14" pizza.  More than enough for two to share.We ordered the tomato, spinach, and garlic pizza.    The problem was that the pizza was soooooo bland.  The crust had no flavor, and there wasn't any marinara on the pizza - just crust with toppings.  I guess they figured the garlic and tomatoes would help with that, but the tomatoes were really underripe.  We had to ask for marinara to dip the pizza in, and it tasted about twenty times better.  Also, when I think of "vegan" pizza, I was sort of expecting vegan cheese on top of it as well.  You can get cheeseless vegan pizza pretty much anywhere.
"RUN AWAY! RUN AWAY!"  I am still showering off the dirty feeling from walking in this place.   Bring from out of town, we could tell that we were not in the best neighbourhood. As we were driving in....usually, that is the mark of a good place to get vegan eats. They are always in questionable locales. Ooooh, not so.  My mum and I were both a little concerned upon arriving. It seemed a bit dark inside, and we had my toddler nephew with us, but we saw that there was a family with a wee girl playing right inside the door, so that seemed to ease our minds...then we noticed the unlit 'Hookah Lounge' sign...looked back at happy little girl...hmm...well, perhaps that is an old sign. It is not lit...there are families...maybe they occupy the same space as another business...that happens with a lot of vegan-friendly businesses. I was still feeling a bit uneasy, but if my wise-ol-mum is not pulling the plug...I am willing to go for it.   So, we walked towards the door...the music seemed a little loud...happy girl still jumping...hmm...not as many people as it seemed from outside...happy hoppy family...what? THAT is their menu? Where is the pizza? Hummous on a pita is not pizza! It is hummous and pita! I only noted one other 'pizza'...a meat pie, also on a pita...strange...turn to ask mum if she wanted to go, and there is happy girl's dad sitting with a couple of teenagers huffin the hookah. Wow. Missed that one on the way in.  And out we went. It was like a dark little twilight-zone den of weirdness, and in the .2 seconds we were in there, I did not see any pizza on their 8-item white-board menu...obviously, people are NOT coming for the food.   If it were not for happy-jumping girl and family, we would not have ever walked in the place.  Who brings their little child to a hookah lounge? Oh, wait, we did.  *Shudder* I feel dirty.
worst. service. ever.  i was really psyched about the prospect of vegan pizza.  that was my first mistake-having expectations.  there was one other person in the place when we walked in and he already had his food.  they were not busy.  we got to the counter and seriously, i felt like a jerk for ordering food.  the cashier guy was flat to the point of being rude.  we sat down, finding our table vaguely sticky.  our pizza (an uninspired spinach-tomato-garlic-on-bread failure) was delived by a dude whose pants were kinda of falling off in a way that made me feel dirty.  i mean, at least wear boxers!  all in all, the pizza was weak, the service sucked, the place was gross and i wouldn't eat there again if it was free.
This pizza place has a 13 health code violation....  Here is the web site .... Just click on the Jan 15th date:  http://www.kpho.com/dirtydining/18495188/detail.html  DO NOT EAT AT THIS SHITY PLACE
I agree with Megh...  DO NOT ENTER THE DOORS  8 bucks for half an Italian sandwich and an orange crush.  Menu reads: Italian Sanwich: Ham, Salami, Peperoni, lettuce, tomato, mayo  What I got: Ham, Cheese, Sausage?, tzatziki?, bacon?, onions? and a side of attitude from the guy at the counter for asking him what all this crap was on my food...prick.   This place is close to where I live, so I was happy to see they served sandwhiches...but after today..
I am pretty sure my friends and I stumbled into a coke party when we came here for a late bite after a house show back in the Neighborhood.  The lights were low, there were people dry humping each other wall-to-wall, and lots of frequent, quick trips in and out of the bathrooms by staff and guests alike.  All to a soundtrack of terrible techno.  All of this would've been worth a laugh if it weren't for the food.  We ordered a vegan pizza, a couple cheese slices, and an order of garlic knots.  The vegan pizza was a barely-cooked pie with hummus haphazardly smeared across it.  The worst part about it was the paprika - they had attempted to season the hummus, but for some reason, rather than sprinkling the spices across the entire pie, there were 5 distinct, huge mounds of paprika that spotted the pie like an outbreak of chickenpox.  The slices came out first, and were cold even before we reminded them that we ordered garlic knots - which took an unholy 20 mintues, after we reminded them.  To top it all off - the garlic knots, those of the epic cooking time, were completely cold and raw in the middle.  Eddie's pizza is like some bizarre circle of hell.
Aaaahh, Tempe, my old college stomping grounds.  Pizza.  Awesome.  Thank you Eddie's pizza and lounge for pissing in the face of my college memories.  For the better part of three weeks finding a vast array of coupons from this place all over my truck, typically five or six in the door handle and the all famous stack of them in the now bent windshield wiper of my truck, I decide to give this place a try.  I will take this regret to my grave.  Five bucks for a large pizza and a drink, shit that is an awesome deal!  At least I thought it was.  I would have been better off giving my money to a bum and having him punch me in the nuts.    After calling the number on the coupon that littered my truck and parking lot, I decide to place an order for their special.  I ask if their coupon special includes delivery.  The girl answering the phone said "Really, well you are going to be waiting for a long time, it isn't that big of an order.  We don't like to deliver for the coupon special."  I assume that is the business equivalent of "Fuck no" so I tell her I'll just come pick it up.  I am told my order will be ready from 20 minutes to an hour.  Somewhat of a vast window, but I live close so I decide to request a dance from the devil.  The devil won.  I show up about 30 minutes later (seemed reasonable) and was told I need to wait and was offered to rent a hookah while I waited.  Are you fucking serious?   Not wanting anyone to spit in my food, I politely tell her no and sit down on the couch to watch the game on T.V.  She then turns the channel to something else.  Leaving 20 minutes later when my pizza is done, the cook comes out after handing it over to her, runs out, asks me what I ordered.  I tell him and he opens up the box again, looks at it, and says I am good to go.  I don't know what the hell that is about until I get home.  Of course, they fucked up my order.  I'm not surprised or amused.  At least I got my can of soda.  I take the pizza home.  Not what I ordered.  In retrospect, I should have put a Totinos in the oven.  This pizza tasted like a generic undercooked store brand pizza.  Not only was my order wrong, it was very undercooked.  I had to put it in my own oven when I got home, missing even more of the game.  I ate 3 slices and threw the rest away.  I didn't even want to give the leftovers to the dogs, they would probably bite me for feeding them that shit.    Seriously, how do you ruin pizza?  It is like toast.  The food was shit, the service was even worse.  But that can of Mountain dew I got was nice and chilly.  At least they have that going for them.  You earned one star.    The coupons from this place no longer blow around the parking lot of where I live like tumbleweeds on a holy war of declaring jihad against tastebuds around the greater Tempe area, but the scars of eating here will remain forever.
The pizza stinks, and it's a pre-teen grindhouse on the weekends. If you want pre-pubescent STD's to go with your pizza look no further...
2 stars is for a benefit of the doubt.... My order took an hour and forty minutes to arive (cold)... they were unbelievably stingy with the toppings (not the "unlimited" but full price)...  Will try again in a few days to see if they do better.. have a "credit" for this one.. will post again.  Upon re-heating the pizza wasn't horrible, but the bread didn't go well in the microwave, which indicates it's probably a higher quality/fresh crust/bread.  Other than the toppings being scarce, the overall flavor wasn't too bad.  The white pie was a bit heavy handed on the garlic.  It was also a little over-cooked, but not so bad that it was inedible.  I'm still looking for a consistently above average pizza place for the area.  Most of the places I've ordered from have been 50/50.  If you're in Tempe would stick with Tessio's for delivery, they're about the best I've found for the area, but still not consistent.
Wow, how do you screw up pizza? There is mediocre pizza and great pizza but I don't know that I've ever had pizza this bad. It makes those totino party pizzas look good. The sauce was terrible. Only the crust was worse. The cheese and toppings had no flavor. You'd think a vegan place would have decent veggies but that was not the case. This about the only time I'd suggest Little Caesars over a mom and pop place. Just garbage, steer clear.
The one nice thing I can say about the place is that the workers were pretty nice. Everything pretty much goes down hill from there.  I ordered a gyro and I learned my lesson to never order a gyro from a place that doesn't specialize in it. (my bad)  My friend who I was with is vegan. He ordered a slice of vegan pizza. The problem was it smelled like real cheese. We asked some workers if they were sure that it was vegan and they couldn't give a straight answer. Instead they gave us another slice of vegan pizza. This time it looked completely different and there was no cheese so we thought he was pretty safe.   I think the worst part of the pizza lounge is the bathrooms. Apparently, the men's  restroom is so terrible not even the male employees will use it. I didn't even feel clean after just washing my hands in the women's restroom. If it is legal to not have a restroom in your restaurant, I think they are better off just closing it down for good.   Great if you have late night munchies - terrible if you're sober.
Ordered from here many a time..via delivery. Never seen their establishment...my mistake. Didn't have any problems until the elderly man was hired. This guy actually "begs" for more tip money! Who does that? Was he homeless a few weeks ago?? So you deny...guess what comes next?? My next pizza order was ah...tainted...spit on is probably the least that was done to it. Wonderful...perfect timing too...a child's pizza party. I investigate..yep pizza is wet as all hell..throw it away. Dial up Pizza Hut. Now I'm pretty scarred...gonna make my own meals for awhile.
This pizza tastes like water. We just ordered a medium Veggie Downtown, which has mushrooms, peppers, onions, and olives. Unfortunately, it doesn't taste like any of those items. You can't taste the sauce or the crust, either. I've never had a more bland pizza in my life. Yes, they're open late and yes, they delivered the pizza quickly. But those are the only nice things I can say about this place. As my partner just put it, he'd rather eat Totino's Party Pizzas. Ouch.
eddies is out of business. :( :( :(
F'cking Sux!!!! If there is score -10, this place will be on top of the list! Not a restaurant, not a bar, definitely not a Night  Club!!! Took them 20min to tell us 80% of the martini they don't know how to make over their own martini menu....This is their opening NIGHT!!! Then... Finally 1 bartender made one of their "signature" drinks - "Pear of Asia", but tasted like puke... then I asked for change it  to Markers on the Rock, she gave me an attitude said: "I don't know what you want and like!!!???" WTF....!? What shame for so Called "Hollywood Scene", being said that. I've been lived in LA for 26 years... never seen any place like this!!!
Words cannot aptly describe the absolute atrocity of my visit to Nu. If I was a prodigious writer like Joyce or Hemingway perhaps I could properly flesh out the horror that was inflicted upon us, but alas I am just a lowly commenter who must do her best. If you take anything for the following account let it be this, do not cross the threshold of this establishment for any reason, less you too be saddled with your own tale of woe.   My sister and I arrived on a Saturday evening around 10:20 and were seated immediately. The indoor area is halved, with the bar taking up one half, and the dining area the other.  Essentially, it is just a big room with a fancy LED tree sculpture in the center and tables set up.  For some reason, despite the small space, there were at least 15 servers/hostesses, 5 managers, 10 bus boys and 5-10 men in nice dress shirts that walked through the dining area every ten minutes or so and then left out the front door. I have no idea what their purpose was. Yet, with all of this staff, it took us 20 minutes from the time we sat down to get two glasses of water. Two of the "managers" spent the majority of their time making out with their girlfriends at the bar. Our server managed to completely disappear even though, due to the lack of partitions, I could see from one end of the restaurant to the other.   Our hookah came relatively quickly, but our cocktails took, without exaggeration, 25 minutes to get to our table. During this time we were treated to an endless train of employees moving tables and chairs out of the dining room and through the front door and then changing their mind and moving them back into the dining room, and then moving them again. I wish I were joking about this. Twice the DJ miss-fed the sound system and feedback filled the room causing universal aural discomfort . After we finished our drinks we waited another 10 minutes for a check. Finally we flagged down the Lothario manager who graciously pulled his tongue from his girlfriend's throat long enough to scowl at us and mumble something about finding the server. 10 more minutes pass after which a check arrived and we made the server stand there and wait while we got out our cash. At this point I was pissed, but not nuclear, because I was a little buzzed and it was a Saturday night. However, after waiting five minutes for our change the server returned to the table to advise us that because there are so few bartenders it will be  another TWENTY minutes before she can get our change to us. What choice did we have but to wait?  It was the single most appalling act I have ever experienced while dining. I left vowing to not only never return but to warn every single person I could.   If you have the choice between a hot poker in the eye ball or a dinner at Nu, please, I beseech you, take the hot poker.
Wow.  Going a 2nd time a few weeks after the opening.  Talk about loss of credibility fo' shizzle!  The service really sucked big time.  Waited approx 15 minutes unti we could even wave someone down to order drinks.
I would have to agree with a lot of the reviews about the service. Really sub standard. Our server was actually very cocky. Really close to annoying and rude.  The Food.   Pierogis - OK had some caviar on it.   Flatbread pizza (with Truffle Oil) - decent -thin crust -had a great crust  Scallops - It was borderline BAD!!   Chicken wings (Thai curry) - The best dish of the night - chicken wings lollipop style covered in curry Thai sauce. Very flavorful  Tuna Tartare-OK   Chocolate Ravioli - Horrible   Toffe cake with ice cream - Recommended to us  - i did not think it was that good.   We did have a great bottle of Pinot  Noir. !!!  Hookah- OK   Close to three stars but the service was just not up to PAR.   I doubt if I would be back..
I guess there's not much more to say than what has already been said. This place is a trainwreck. These guys have no clue. I don't know how many restaurants and bars Town Square thinks they can jam in that little area, but this is definitely one I will never go back to.
Now I have been to Town Square many of times. Attending Blue Martini(BM) and Cadillac Ranch mostly. I never leave there not thinking I won't be back. Well I left NU Sanctuary feeling like I would never be back, but decided to just call management in the morning and see if they could take away the bad feeling I had upon leaving.  The night started well. On NU website the hookah is $20($10 for refills),  I thought it was a great discount compared to BM so I decided to hit this new place with my husband. We came in and weren't greeted but decided to just go to the patio area and have a seat. Once seated we were promptly greeted by a waitress who brought us the menu and also made great suggestions. At first glance of the menu I noticed that the hookah was priced at $30($15 for refills). Well I said we were already here and really wanted to do hookah so we decided to stay. Also on the menu it states that you have to spend up to $50 if only 2 guest. I have never seen that before on a menu in my life but I figured with the hookah $30 and the drink $24(NU Confessional, which was great) we would be spending the $50 minimum. We were promptly brought our drinks and also the hookah. When we did get the hookah it was just dropped off. He didn't ask if we knew how to use it or even tried it to make sure it worked(like most hookah place do). I do agree with other reviews the hookah did burn very quickly but my husband and I were having a great time we decided to get a refill. The second refill was better because we had a Hookah guy who keep coming and changing the coals and making sure it worked properly.   At about 2am we asked the server for our bill and this is where the great night turned bad. I was given a bill with the 20% gratuity already placed on the bill. Now last I checked that's not done for parties of 2! Also I know you are suppose to tip your waitress and waiters but who gets to tell me(in a recession none the less) how much I am suppose to tip my server. I wasn't told that this would be protocol and the waitress said that it's automatically charged when you order hookah and sit at a table. I thought to myself are we suppose to stand up with the hookah?  What if I came in only with the cash to pay for my hookah and drink, then what?! I am not saying this to be cheap but people please we are in a recession and my hard earned money should go towards something I want to happen not something a business thinks should be put on at the end of the bill because they want to.   I paid the bill and called NU(next day). Not only were your prices on the website different then when I got in but also nothing on the menu states parties of 2 would have to pay 20% gratuity! Well again this is where it went from bad to worst. I got the managers name off of the website and called the lounge. The manager happen to pick up and I explained to him what had happen. I explained I had a good time in the lounge and that everything was nice. I said I didn't complain when the prices for the hookah were different then the site but with the 20% gratuity for a party of 2 was just a little two much. He did first apologize for me not getting the correct information but then went into telling me how Vegas nightlife is suppose to be paid. Maybe he's not aware of Vegas night life but I have never been out with my husband (and we go out at least 4 times a month) and had to pay gratuity for just us two. We do tip well but 20% was steep for the 2 of us. I explained that we weren't told about this and he over talked me and basically in my opinion didn't want to fix the problem. See I have been in customer service for over 15 years and the way he treated me over the phone shows why all the bad reviews are here. After feeling like I was about to get into a arguing match with him over the phone I asked if there was anyone higher up then him because I felt he wasn't taking my feeling into consideration. Your business advertises on the website a totally different price then what you have on the menu and I feel like it's misleading. Also your servers don't let the customers know of the 20% gratuity. That to me is not good business and I understand that it's a new business and you're just getting your feet wet but why should your customers have to pay for it! When I did ask for someone over him he said that he was the manager and that was it! I said I see there's a director here as well. He said he didn't know what a director could do for me that he couldn't do and I said return my money. The 20% gratuity and the $10 more I had to pay for the hookah. If I was getting bad customer service I wanted to be compensated for it! He did say he would return my gratuity after trying to make me feel bad for taking it from the server. I explain to him that I didn't feel bad because she worked for a company that didn't practice good customer service and thing weren't explained to me. NU is not a club it's just a lounge. Clubs charge 20% but not Lounges!
Going to Nu Sanctuary was like going on a bad first date, you know where it's headed pretty quickly which in this case was a trainwreck as someone else put it best. The drinks, which were not that great, were on the same pricing scale as the Wynn but without the frills and ambiance of a world-class resort. The food looked atrocious so we just had a drink and left. Their concept of a hybrid nightclub/hookah lounge with fine dining doesn't work anywhere especially at a shopping center amid all of the other dining/entertainment options Las Vegas has to offer. Avoid this place at all costs. Probably by the time you finish reading this review the space Nu Sanctuary is occupying will be vacant.
I got a last minute call from some friends who were heading over to this place. I'm not a big hookah person, but I couldn't pass up the opportunity to hang out.  It's a nicely decorated spot with a pretty decent vibe. The problem is their service. We had to ask several times for replacement coals and refills on the tobacco. They weren't as bad with the drinks, but overall, the service was spotty at best.  Fortunately, smoking hookah is a very laid back activity. When you're just chilling for a couple of hours and enjoying the company of friends, Nu Sanctuary's shortcomings aren't as severe. They are still shortcomings, however.
OK.. so this review might get me in trouble.. but when has that ever stopped me from ANYTHING?   I went here for a drink ( yeah that's it, one drink) with a few girlfriends. It was pretty lame inside with this daft tree that changes colors. ooooh wow. Didn't try the food, but we sat at the bar and watched all the white people jumping around to late nineties hip hop. Sad.. Anyway the drinks were strong and the bar staff were very attentive. Too attentive. After one of the guys comped our bill because, "I was too beautiful to charge" he clocked out and sat next to me. OK, be nice be nice be nice..(MISTAKE#1) He just comped us a pretty hefty bill so i gave him my card and told him if he ever needed anything to let me know.( MISTAKE#2) We made small talk about Starbucks coffee orders and jobs. (MISTAKE#3) My friends were creeped out to 11 by the bartender with the Spencer Pratt beard so we left right after.  The bartender then began texting and callin me all night..um yikes. Didn't answer.Had to be up in the morning early for work so actually made a responsible choice and went home. Up early in the morning walking to work and who the fuck do I see standing in front of my place of business but the bartender standing there with the goddamn Starbucks drink I had mentioned I order the previous night.  My creep-out meter blew up right there. I was unprepared for that level of stalk.  Now, while it is not the establishment's fault that a creeper works there (or did at one time) I feel like if the place was reeeeally cool I could possibly look past that a stalker works there to go...but no. The place is lame and the staff well.. let's just say I have a new number..
Has the potential to be amazing... If it weren't for the staff and the prices! Food was good but overpriced. Decor was fun. Drinks were ok. A lil pricey. Its town square guys... Not the Wynn. Best part about the night was the hookah. Amazing!  Among the staff were a few stand outs... But generally they were miserable looking- heavily made up- overall snooty/ bitchy people. From the hostess to the bus boys. Everyone seemed annoyed to serve you... At 10pm on a Friday night when they weren't even busy! Seriously ruined the experience. Would have stayed to dance... But the dj was less than stellar. Wanted to enjoy myself and spend money... But All the majority of the staff did was make me want to leave!
This is place is ri-goddamn-diculous. It wasn't so bad before when the hookah was cheaper, the portions were bigger, and the service was better; but now, I wouldn't even tell my rich friends to go here. Even if you don't mind the hidden costs that they don't tell you about until you need to pay, like the $4 tap water and the 15% automatic gratuity for the hookah boys that you have flag down with $100 bills, the service is downright horrible and just rude. By the time you get your waitress' attention for something, you're being kicked off your table to make room for the dance floor.   I used to be a regular, but this experience ruined the establishment for me. It's as if they don't want your business. I know they won't be getting mine or the rest of my family's anymore!
First and foremost this place is horrible. The setting is nice but quite trippy especially if you smoke hookah. I get light headed easily so everything was kind of weird to me when the lights were moving on the floor. It's definitely an ambiance for the stoners lol. I think it was Jamaican night or something. The place is new but I don't know why the seats already have holes in them.   They kept playing Bob  Marley and the like. Everyone had dreadlocks. Some of the people there were really weird. Someone dropped a glass and this one guy took his jacket off and swept the floor with it and then put it back on. Now i don't think he works there but man, these people are weird. Not my crowd at all.   Anyways, we ordered a hookah n a few beers. Our first hookah was too ashy like. So we told them to switch it out to a different flavor. The second one was better.   The worst part was when we received our bill. There was only 4 of us and they charged us an automatic 20% gratuity which equals to 6 dollars! I believe the hookahs were 30. Anyways the waitress said I would have to tip her extra because that gratuity goes to the hookah guy. I was pissed off. But I just put in two more dollars to the credit charge. The thing is she waiting there for me to tip her. Usually at most restaurants they leave after they give you the check. But I guess she wanted to make sure she gets tipped.   Seriously people this place is a ripoff. They are just trying to make a quick dime anyway they can. I don't think place will last long with them ripping people off. I think the employees and owners are a little unprofessional too.
THIS REVIEW IS NOT FOR THE RESTAURANT JUST THE NIGHT LOUNGE.... They put WAYYYY too many people in such a small space.  They definitely were not under the maximum capacity!  I don't know how everyone feels about dress codes, but personally unless you're going to a NICE club or somewhere super fancy who gives a crap what you wear.  My friends all had to take off their hats & I'm sorry, but I just don't think this place is that nice to worry about hats!  The other thing was my friends bought a table & bottle (which was pricy for such a small place, but cheaper than the usual nightclub, but as I've said in reviews before it's vegas so high prices are what you should expect). Anyway, the waitress (who was very nice) asked if she could resell the table, I said to ask our friend who bought it, but she asked some other guy while our friend was in the bathroom & resold our table.  My friend came back & was pissed! We did talk to the manager & he comped us another bottle & table, which was very nice & made the night a little better.  That's why I put 2 stars, otherwise it would have had 1.  The music isn't too bad, lots of hip hop & I guess there could be worse places, but it's just definitely not for me, I just really hate overly crowded places.  So if you're into feeling like a sardine in a can with people sweating all over you & like hip hop music then this may be the place for you.  Personally i'd rather go to a real nightclub if I want to drink & dance where I have a little more space!
the place looks great. it was a nice atmosphere to chill and relax in. HOWEVER, the service was the worst ive had in a very very long time. The hostess seated us on the outdoor section, took our first drink order, and set us up with our hookah which was awesome, but that was the end of it. we didnt get a waitress until i approached the hostess who originally seated us and asked us if we would be getting a waitress. at that point our drinks had been empty 20 minutes. the waitress then came over took our drink order and it took her another 15 minutes to get them to us. The next round of drinks i had to go to the bar myself to get because the waitress was too busy sitting down talking with some of the other staff. On top of the horrid service, the drinks were exceptionally watered down. All in all, the nice atmosphere is not enough to encourage me to go back.
I'm really sad to write this, but I'm hoping it will help.    NU used to be one of my absolute favorite places to hang out and eat.  I would rave and rave about how amazing the food was.  I loved the atmosphere and the service.  I couldn't get enough.    After leaving town for 3 months, I come back only to find out that management changed, the chef left and was replaced, the menu changed, and everything was different, except for the decor.  I went by the other day to eat dinner.  There was no hostess at the stand. When I asked to be seated, the bartender looked at me as if I had 5 heads.  I finally was approached, seated and given a menu.  Turns out that they brewed the tea too light, so it took them about 10 minutes to bring it out after re-brewing.  The new tea tasted like fish.  They didn't even comp my drink.  Waitress, bless her heart, was very friendly, but so slow.  She was only waiting on one more group, as the place was empty.  Food came out and was less than desirable, and mind you, I am NOT a picky eater.  I didn't even finish my food!  I dealt with it though, since I was so hungry.  I finished, and was staring into space as I waited about 10-15 minutes before getting up to tell the bartender that I need my waitress to bring my bill.  So frustrating!  She kept apologizing, but it was too late.  I had already wasted my time and money.  Last but not least, I couldn't even post this from the restaurant because there is absolutely no cell phone service (I'll leave that one up to AT&T).    Again, very very sad about this one.
I can't tell you how excited I was to try this restaurant. I had read some good reviews, the website looked fantastic, and having recently returned from Istanbul, I was craving kabobs and hookah like nobody's business. Sadly, this place just didn't deliver.  For one, the ambiance (which is allegedly inspired by Salvador Dali) was a 10 when it comes to concept, but a 0 when it comes to execution. A lot of the design elements, including the DJ area, looked really homemade. I didn't see any of the "world-class art" or "intricate details" the website boasts. And the focal point of the space - a giant tree - looked more like an oversized piata than anything. The site promises that "a transition from dining to nightlife is marked with a dramatic shift through which the room is divided into 'heaven' and 'hell' in a bold display of light, video, and sound," but that was an overpromise if I've ever heard one. The space never "transformed," there was no "nightlife" to speak of, and the only sounds we heard were odd karaoke-like tracks of almost-indecipherable pop songs.    We arrived at roughly 6:30, and the place was dead. I am certain the employees outnumbered the guests. That should have been a red flag. The drink menu had lots of interesting specialty cocktails, but not much variety. We tried a few different options, and most disappointed. In fact, one drink was just plain icky. I figured that when my fellow diner ordered something else, obviously to replace the bad beverage, the waitress would offer to bring it gratis. She didn't. But that was the least of my complaints.  We ordered several starters, including the hummus and the filet tartar. The hummus was bland (a theme that ran throughout the meal) and the tartar was, well, invisible. The chef actually came out and presented us with a completely different dish because the tartar is apparently going off the menu. What he presented was called "Red, White, and Blue." But part-way through his explanation of the name (red for the beef carpaccio, white for the white truffle oil, and blue for the blue cheese), he realized he had forgotten the blue cheese and took it back into the kitchen to finish it. I just found it presumptuous that he ignored our order, brought us something completely different (that we ultimately didn't enjoy), but still charged us for the item we originally ordered.   When we ordered the kabobs, they came with an assortment of sauce options, all served on the side. The sauces SOUNDED amazing: a garlic sauce, a house tzatziki, a cabernet sauce (I think), a shawarma gravy, etc. I completely forgave the apps and cocktails, knowing that these kabobs (slathered in delectable sauces) would win me over. After all, how do you screw up a kabob? As long as you don't overcook it or undercook it, it's just roasted meat!   When they arrived, I resisted the urge to dip straight into that shawarma gravy, and instead chomped down a bite of chicken. It was bland as can be. I don't know how they did it, but Nu managed to zap all the flavor out of the meat. There wasn't even that char, roasty goodness characteristic of kabobs. No salt, nothing. It was like they boiled the meat, put it on a stick, and somehow painted char marks on it so it looked fire roasted. Sadly, the beef and lamb were the same. No flavor whatsoever. So I turned to the sauces, which I prayed would save what had been a disappointing experience at best and an unpleasant one at worst. They were almost similarly flavorless. And there was no salt or pepper on the tables. Ugh.  As we finished our meal, our waitress dished about some patrons at the bar who annoy her. While I appreciated the personality, I found it a little unprofessional.  The only saving grace was the hookah. We tried the firewater one, as I'd read good things, and it was nice. It didn't bring me back to Sultanahmet, but it was enjoyable.  According to the website, "nu" means "naked" in French, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and assume that the concept is "naked" food without any marinades, spices, salt, pepper, or flavoring of any kind. But if that's the concept, I fear there's a fundamental flaw Nu won't likely recover from. I probably would have walked out half-way through the meal, but we had a Restaurant.com certificate burning a hole in our pocket. Sadly, I won't be back to see if a conceptual course-correction ever comes to fruition and saves this place from its flavorless existence.
This place proves that horrible service can ruin your entire experience.  From the time we were seated until the time we got the incorrect bill, Nu Sanctuary let us down over and over again.  I went here with some friends during happy hour which lasts until 8 pm. It seemed unbelievable that happy hour could last that long and now I know why. Service was incredibly slow. I don't know if the workers there are lazy or, for lack of a better word, dumb.  First, my husband got there first and was seated at a noticeably dirty table. When he asked if they were going to clean it up, the hostess asked, "Oh, do you want a different table?"   Let me emphasize how SLOW the service was. We ordered  two beers and some water and it took at least 45 minutes to get it. Mind you, there were only two other occupied tables at this time so there was no reason why everything took so long.  It took us about two hours to finish our drinks and appetizers and we asked to be seated outside for hookah.  Unfortunately all of the hookah flavors that sounded good were out of stock. Once again, our waitress let us down. We ordered some more drinks and placed our hookah order. We realized it was almost an hour and we still didn't get our hookah. We asked our waitress about it and she looked at us wide eyed and clearly forgot to put our order in.   For some strange reason, they don't have list any of their beers on their menu. When we asked the waitress about desserts, she said, "We serve cotton candy and I just found out about it!" Really?! How could she not know what food they serve?  The only thing preventing me from giving this place 1 star is that the waitress gave us a free drink because she knew she screwed up big time. Some of the appetizers were decent such as the artichoke dip and pita bread and the kabobs.  The Nu Confessionals drink was really good and really worth the price if you go during happy hour.  I have so many other complaints about this place but I don't want to turn this review to a rant. Management at Nu Sanctuary... please work on improving your customer service. Your place has such a cool concept but I don't plan on going back anytime soon if it takes an hour to get a drink!
I knew I would probably have a crappy time after reading the reviews for this place. but my friend wanted to go anyway. and yes, the service is crap.  We had to go and ask about any hopes of getting hookah, let alone drinks, and they told us someone would be coming to our table and we had to wait. We had already been sitting there and waiting for some kind of service for 20-30 minutes. Another 15 before we got a menu to figure out what we wanted. Another 20 before someone comes back so we can tell them what we want. And then another 20 for them to get it ready and bring it over. That i can understand but it was already irritating because of the hassle it was just to get service and order.   The hookah was ok. The taste wasn't anything near what we expected. I wasn't even about to try any of the food because it probably would have been another hour and a half.   I will be getting $4 beers and hookah somewhere else next time.
Meh. That sums up my opinion of Nu Sanctuary.   I've mistakenly given it many chances over the last year since their grand opening, and each time has been essentially the same experience.  Exhibit A: Excited to try the new venture of it's managers formerly of Almaza - my favorite place to get drunk back in the day when I was underage and rebellious - I came to Nu with a couple friends. After being seated, we waited *twenty five* minutes without being greeted by our server before finally flagging down the manager and saying, "Hey, WTF man?". Although a server came by after that, the service left a lot to be desired as our server preferred to sit with a table in our view a couple spots away, flirting with the male patrons rather than check on us or see if we wanted to order anything more. The meal was mediocre, it took forever to get our drinks, and the service left me not only disappointed but actually a little upset.  Exhibit B: This time the service was a little bit better, although still very sub-par when compared not only to other hookah spots and lounges, but other bars in the same area of Town Square. She actually checked on us - once every twenty minutes, maybe. However what this review is really about is the quality of their hookah - they had raised prices since the last time I'd visited, and anywhere in Vegas charging $30 for a head of hookah that only lasts 15 minutes before getting tasteless and harsh, can suck it. Apparently their prices are now $20 for a head and $10 for refills, which is moderate, but unless they've changed the hookah I've never had it last long enough to be worth the $.  From my experience, it's either love or hate. I've never met anyone to say that Nu was "okay" - but have certainly heard my sentiments echoed by many of my friends after their own terrible experiences (one friend, after making reservations a week in advance, was forced to wait 45 minutes for a table. Wtf.) - as well as a few friends who love the place and visit frequently.   Give it a shot if you're in the area and the many other bars/lounges in Town Square aren't your cup of tea. But don't order their hookah, stick to appetizers and drinks, and don't expect stellar service.
Yes,this place has been the worst ,service is bad,dirty and over price,think mcdonalds is still better than this place! Wife and kids didnt like it.
Terrible service, terrible prices, terrible bar!  Went there with my cousin, his girlfriend, my brother and his wife and had an awful time.  First off, who ever heard of paying cover for entering a bar?  The women went in for free but us guys had to pony over $20 just to get in this place!  Second, no one greeted us or offered us seating, more like we were herded in.  The decor is ok, nothing to write home about.  The clientele leaves a lot to be desired: think Jersey Shore rejects and Ed Hardy wearing douchebags.  After maybe 30mins, we wanted to get the hell outta there. Final verdict: don't bother!  *UPDATE*  I was around the area and was glad to see this atrocity of a bar have shut down!  No surprise due to their lousy service and attitude.  Good riddance!*
I gave waitress 20 bucks for an 8 dollar drink. Came back with drink but no change. Told me she was busy and would b right back. She never came back. Guess what? I'll never go back.
We just went for a couple of drinks. It was ok, nothing really tickled our fancy. They didn't have any drinks that was different is what I look for. They didn't have beer on tap....We didn't order any food.   We did find out that they have live reggae on Tuesday nights! We plan on going on a Tuesday night real soon.
My boyfriend and I have been to Nu several times. We have always had, mediocre service at best. This last time we went, against our better judgement, was a complete mistake. Our movie had sold out and we decided to come smoke some hookah.   First, as we walk in, we see a hostess, sitting down with her bra hanging out texting. We stood there for a few minutes before she even acknowledged us. This was extremely disrespectful. I work in a job where customer service is everything and this, to start our night, made us question even walking in. After this she asks us if we are dining or smoking hookah. We say hookah but we might want to eat. She starts to take us outside without saying anything, so we ask if we can sit inside instead. She tells us we can't smoke inside until after ten. I am confused now because all three times I have been here we smoked inside before ten. I decided the rules might have changed and I suck it up even though its cold. I asked if we could be closer to one of the fires so she seated us across from a fire since another group was sitting at it.   After about ten minutes our waitress finally shows up and asks us what we want. We had to tell her several times we wanted peach flavored hookah. I ordered a diet pepsi, a cheese pizza without the tomatoes and my boyfriend a water. She brings my diet pepsi which was disgusting. I couldn't even drink more than one sip because it tasted so horrible. My boyfriends water came in a tiny cup made of plastic. I felt like I was at a heap dinner instead of the nice "hookah restaurant" we were paying for. $4.00 for a disgusting soda was pretty ridiculous.   After another 20 minutes our waitress comes back and I ask her if we were going to get our hookah. It's obvious she forgot and instead of telling us she forgot she said yeah theres a lot of other people waiting. She then went to the hookah guy, right in front of us, and told him. We laughed it off and I got my pizza about ten minutes before our hookah. I own my own hookah and thought this was quite sad because a pizza should take longer than a hookah bowl to make. The hookah guy was completely quiet. Never asked us if we needed anything or if the hookah was okay. We actually had to get up and ask him to fix it. He didn't say anything and was completely rude. I ignored it thinking maybe he's having a bad night. We said thank you and he just walked away.  We then ask if we can be moved to the fire because the group is gone and our waitress tells us that its fine so we switch tables. The waitress asks us if we can pay our bill because she needed to close all tabs. I'm thinking "okay she wants us to tip her before her shift ends thats fine." So we say okay we'll take our check and ask for more water. She never brought our water and we saw her later on. I felt like she rushed us for no reason and she never came back to ask us if we needed anything else. She then seated a group of four AT OUR TABLE! I was SOOOOOOO ANGRY. I felt intruded upon. How could you let an employee seat two groups together? Me and my boyfriend were sitting at our table smoking hookah and four other people crowd around next to us sitting WITH US. I am so disgustingly horrified. I honestly cannot believe that anyone would let this happen in their business.  I left the hostess alone who was texting with her bra hanging out completely unprofessional. I ignored the waitress who couldn't get our order. I also ignored our rude hookah helper who did not service us. We ended up having a 20% gratuity added to our bill for the "hookah service" which we did not receive. But the absolute last straw was the disrespectful waitress who closed out our tab as fast as possible and then used our table to seat other guests. I cannot believe the horrible customer service I have received and I would like to be compensated. I did not pay $45 dollars and a $7 automatic gratuity for no reason.
NEVER WILL I EVER spend another dollar at Nu Sanctuary.  I heard a rumor that they're closing... I hope its true because after my experience tonight, I'm never coming back.  I had a Groupon that was about to expire so I figured I'd use this opportunity to try the food here. I saw John Curtas' (Eating LV) review on Nu Sanc and it peaked my interest.   HOURS: A friend and I were waiting for them to open for dinner at 5pm. We as well as another group were getting impatient when the clock hit 5:05pm and no employees came to open the door. Someone from the other group got the attention of an employee and another one came out to rudely tell us that they weren't opening until 5:30 tonight... WTF? We left and I planned to return later that evening.  SERVICE: I went to the bar to order food to-go. The bartender implied he wouldn't let me take the food "to-go" unless I tipped him. How incredibly obnoxious. He took my $10 to cover the difference/tip and my groupon and told me he would put my order in. 20 minutes later, they drop off a container of just pita bread. I start asking questions on where the rest of my food is and every employee comes back telling me something  different. A different bartender who was actually quite polite and respectful got some answers for me and proceeded to grab the manager who turned out to be a complete Jacka$$. He said he can't do anything for me unless I have a receipt. He also can't prove any services were due because the original bartender wasn't there. To make matters worse, turns out the kitchen didn't have any of the food I ordered.  I had already been there for 40 minutes and I was too frustrated to fight with this ignorant punk any longer. It wasn't worth the $10 cash or the $15 groupon to raise my blood pressure so I left.   Smoke and eat elsewhere because the goods and services at Nu Sanc are done and over with.  Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
Drink prices here are similar to club prices.  The music is either a hit or miss, usually a miss for me.  I'd prefer not to go to this place but I'll go to hangout with my friends.
First off, I'm pretty sure most of these other reviews were written by people that work there because after reading the reviews my friends and I made the trek off the strip to go there and was gravely mislead.  It has to be one of the worst hookah bars I have been to. The service was poor at best. My friends and I were waiting for at least 15 minutes for a server to give us menus. We then had to decipher to overly complicated menu and pricing. During all of this we were crammed into a tight table area and not allowed to move even though the rest of the bar was barren.  After we found out that their alcohol license was revoked, we ordered some of their "specialty drinks", which turned out to be some mediocre tea and sugar. This entire process of took over an hour until actually receiving our drinks, which didn't come until after we got our hookahs (max of 2 people per hookah).   On top of this, the tip was included on the check regardless of the lousy service. Overall we ended up biting the bullet and just paying and getting back to the strip as fast as possible. I do not recommend this place as you would be better off finding another establishment. 1 Star
I've been to a lot of hookah bars, and this one was quite easily the worst. The service was ridiculously slow, and the hookah tasted kinda funky. I ordered some Moroccan mint iced tea that was strange tasting as well. Luckily, the diet coke I ordered to replace the mint iced tea was normal. Though I'm not sure what other options there are for hookah in Vegas, I would recommend avoiding this place.
This is the worst place ever!!! Hookah was good but if you want to pay for a service & be treated like shit then this is definitely the place to go. Our waitress was a complete A-hole!!!! My friend & I went there thinking we'd have a good GNO but instead we were treated like dirt.  The young guy changing out the coals was nice enough to take our order. When we asked him to get our waitress he signaled to her to come & told her we needed something....she in turn waved for him to handle us after she saw it was our table.  Never going back!! Too bad too cuz we tend to smoke A LOT of hookah with all our friends. This all went down @ the Charleston location
The place is over priced ... Drinks were bad dint even deserve one star the hookah was try badddd and they charged us twice ....."
Please note I am middle eastern and my expectations of hookah and a hookah lounge are probably very different than a non middle eastern hookah lover.  as soon as we walked in we were greeted very nicely. the staff was very polite...no complaints there... my start rating is based on environment and hookah quality.   the place was practically empty since it was a random Thursday night. we had three people in my party. we sat at the big comfortable corner, they asked us to move since there was a minimum of 4 to be able to sit there. that bothered me since the place was empty and we wanted to be comfortable. not to mention It was not a smart business decision since my group of three middle eastern women were going to each order one hookah which is more than what a group of non middle easterners would smoke which Is generally one per two people (which is Another rule of theirs.. minimum one hookah for 2 people) the hookah prices were high but I guess that's just vegas my hookah and my friends hookah had an overwhelming mint flavor. when I told them, they switched the hose out and I ended up with a plastic china hose instead of a traditional hose. not ok for me. they didn't like that I took the foil off the hookah head, but I don't like to smoke like that.  the place is not a place to go if you are hoping for a traditional middle eastern hookah experience. i don't want to wrap the parameter of the heads w foil, i don't want to sit on couches that have no backs, i don't want to smoke hookahs that are sitting on top of tables (hard to reach to rearrange coal) and i don't want to taste mint when i order grape... I also don't want to sit in an uncomfortable table and see 3 open corners just cause I didn't meet the minimum requirement of how many people need to be in my group just to sit there.   note: the staff really tried and was very friendly.
This place is absolutely sketchy and a total rip off
The employees here are so freaking rude it's beyond belief. I have never seen an employee yell at a paying customer before. The hookah is pretty good, but it's not worth getting yelled at over.
While on vacation in Vegas my friends and I wanted to unwind the night at a hookah lounge. Worst decision we made all trip. Lets start out by saying the employees there are horrible, constantly walking by and never once asking if we need anything or checking up on us. When we did finally get service they messed our drink up and had no explanation for the mess up but that they followed the measurements from a book. The bartender comes out and gives attitude but when he seen how mad we were he said he would comp us our drinks next round on the house. The bartender tried playing us for fools, comes out with 4 shots of papaya juice with not one single drop of alcohol in them. At this point we decided to leave, my friends wife goes to pay with the coupon they advertised and the host wouldn't except it saying they no longer advertise on that website even though my friends wife showed her the coupon on her phone and that it was still up and valid. Host responds by just saying I don't know what to tell you but we don't accept that coupon any longer. The entire evening was a disaster and the atmosphere was just horrible!! This would be the last place I would ever step foot in when in Vegas again.
I don't know why I keep giving this place another try... Service is terribly slow. From ordering drinks to getting the check, wait time was too ridiculous. Workers were not attentive. They see us waiting and looking bored but never cared to stop by. They never came by to refill the coals. It's really not that hard to observe your customers once in a while.   Also, the free appetizer coupon for first check-in was bogus. During my first time here, the waitress said they do not accept the coupons via phone apps anymore, and I would have to print it out and give it to them. C'mon, how is anyone supposed to know to print the coupon if it's their first time checking-in?   Spend your time and money on something else folks.
This place doesn't deserve even one star. I am here right now. First of all, we order alfaker double apple with mint and it came with full mint itself. We asked them to remake it and it took them 40 mins to make a new head. The store manager came up and said it is full capacity. WTF, if they can't handle the full capacity, why do they accept the customer until it gets full??? Good interior design doesn't make a good store. What kind of service they provide makes a good one. I don't recommend this place. Very disappointed.
this place used to be really good. But now it is absolutely disgusting and ghetto. $25 bucks for shitty hookah and shitty service? No thanks.  And overweight employees in booty shorts? I'd rather keep my appetite. ew.
If I could give this place negative zero stars I would.  Went here with a couple friends to eat, drink, and of course hookah.  The food was horrible and the hookahs are soooooo old and shitty!!!!  Do not waste your time going here. The decor needs to be updated, pillows that are in the seating area have stains on them....gross!!!!
This is the place where to go and get Ganja just ask the server or Casher special hooka. They do provide you organic Marriuana
It seems really calm at first, but the service wasn't the best. Everyone around us was getting excellent service & it seemed to be because they were the same race. I felt very unwelcome just because of the color of my skin. & they wouldn't give us water & rushed us out of there. When we went to pay they just said the price, nothing more, nothing less. I wouldn't recommend this place if you are not of the race because they will disrespect you.
The place is dead and life less and has horrible music (it even had commercials in it!). You have to track down the employees to get service. The hookah they gave us had used coals and wasn't working. We explained to the waitress that we did not feel we should have to pay for the hookah because we had to wait forever to get it and it had coals that were already burned...she said we still have to pay. It's very over priced, they have horrible customer service, and I will never go back there!!!!
Open on time and have a dedicated line for your customers to call. Is that too much to ask. I go there 2 hours after the are supposed to be open and they are still closed. So I call the number listed and its some guys cell phone and he doesn't even answer with the name of the place. Just a "yeah" Not dependable with questionable service so can't recommend it.
Decent place but was disappointed. Expected belly dancers and Arabic music...Crowd was also very less...Hookah was ok not great...
Editing my review from 5/5 to 2/5. Was my second experience at Layla's and everything was great including the food and vibe. The service was a little slow when it got busy so that's to be expected and not a big deal.   The reason for my edit on this review is because I woke up this morning throwing up the food I ordered(Shawarma plate). Could be an isolated incident but after the whole Firefly thing you never know.
It's a dirty location with a foul smell of piss inside. From my short visit it's apparent their main clientele are transient.
In a nutshell ... boring.  For some reason my friends like to come to this place and I've been several times so this review is actually a culmination of all my experiences.  For starters, ever time I come here they only have one server.  I'd like to say the service is terrible but that wouldnt be fair because there's only one person handling the whole restaurant.  The real key here is that the management/owners (whatever) don't ever get up off their asses and help out when the poor girl is swamped. Look around, you'll see lots of parched people sitting in front of empty glasses.  And speaking of management, don't think about bringing a kid here unless you're interested in dirty looks from the old hostess.  Believe me I hate kids in restaurants too but it's 6:00pm and if it wasn't for my friend and his kids eating these mediocre $20 pizzas the place would be dead so sweetheart, yes, you with the grimace, lighten up.  You're bringing the whole dining experience down.  And speaking of down.  I've seen several, several, several kids spill full cups of milk on the floor in this place because the owners refuse to stock plastic cups with lids and straws for the kids. You can find stupid metallic covers for your goofy menus but can't stock a lid. Talk about being obstinant.  OK, on to the food.  Not bad, not great.  Not quite convinced it's Tuscan but if you're lost in North Scottsdale and can't find Grimaldis and you stumble into this place you'll walk away with a mediocre Italian meal.
I'm not impressed. The gas is expensive, the food inside is expensive and not fresh. The employees are very friendly but that doesn't make up for it.   I've stopped in a few times to pick up some veggies/ fruit as a snack at work and they have never been fresh or even ripe. I have been disappointed each time.    The first time I stopped in, I bought a container of sliced cucumber. Later at work I ate one and it was so sour and clearly had gone bad. I tried to call them to let them know to remove the product from the shelf and could not for the life of me find the phone number. It is not listed ANYWHERE.   When I went in to return the product they were very appologetic and sincere but at this point I doubt I'll come in again.  Maybe they just need time to settle in, so I might come back in a few months.
I do not get the concept on this place. Service is not the key, I fuel my two car every week and  pay at the pump most of the time but  if I need to fuel and pay cash this a nightmare!!!   The cashier is the Barista , If you happened to get in line with three guys in front of you , better start praying because it might take 8 minutes before you can pay for Gas!!!!  you are stuck between lattes and cupcakes,  in my opinion the need two cashiers at all time . Do not  kill customer service for trying to be fancy????????
I was excited about the possibility of good BBQ in NoSco.  My excitement was immediately tamed.  The meat? eh, almost tasted like liquid smoke.  The sauce? watered down, the regional stuff(carolina, texas, etc.) didnt even come close.  The price? $30 for 2 sandwiches, sides, and tea?  no thank you.  wont be back.
Total rip off for a car wash. Saw a $15 off offer on the Internet to get a discount on a car wash after purchasing gas. Purchased $50 in gas and then wanted to spend more on a car wash to get my carpets cleaned. They wouldn't give me my $15 discount then after filling up my tank with their already inflated gas prices. No wonder there is not a lot business here with people washing their cars on the weekend.
I am a regular customer who comes in DAILY and supports the gas station, the car wash, and the restaurant. I'm appalled at the lack of concern and assistance  by the manager who watched me wait for 45 minutes for my breakfast and did NOTHING. I'm not one to make a scene so I waited until I left to call him and discuss his lack of customer focus. He never called me back.  That interaction speaks volumes to me. You've been warned.
I live right up the street, so after checking the reviews I decided to go to Tom's Thumb for breakfast on a Saturday morning last month.  Breakfast is my favorite meal to eat out.  It feels the most indulgent to me and I'm a coffee fanatic.  I'll take all you can drink java over soda every day of the week.  You go to the counter to order - I give the basic breakfast a try: two eggs anyway you want them, choice of sausage or bacon and home fries with choice of Toast.  so, over-medium, bacon, sourdough.  And a coffee.  Simple enough.  my total was $12, kinda pricy for eggs and bacon, but ok.  I got an order number to take to my table.  They have a dog friendly outdoor patio which my pup and I seated ourselves.  The restaurant is more self service than not.  To be expected in a gas station joint.  My plate came about 10 minutes later.  The eggs were over HARD, the bacon was greasy and soggy and the home fries are a packaged frozen product.  The overall plate was lukewarm at best.  I didn't think you could screw up bacon and eggs, but this is not the dish to order.  They had a number of Mexican breakfast specials on the menu, and maybe they are better.  I didn't want that much food.    Bottom line - eclectic interior, easy ordering, great patio, kinda pricy, bad basic breakfast.  Stick to the BBQ; sounds delish.
Very disappointing. Heard great reviews from friends so we went despite  reading some of the Yelp reviewers that weren't pleased. My husband and I split the 1/2 rack of ribs. Very small portion and nothing to rave about. Bryan's BBQ is much better.  We also split the truffle Mac and cheese which came out in an iron skillet whick you would expect to be steaming hot and it was just warm and very bland. The baked beans came out of a can!  The women's room was being cleaned during the height  of the dinner hour and they wouldn't let you in even to wash your hands and no extra napkins were given or wet naps. Definitely not worth the trip.
On Sunday, July the 14th I took my car as I do once a month to their car wash.  I selected the hand wash for $34.99.  While my car was being washed my son and I had lunch as we always do.  In total I spent about $55..  When my car was done the attendant gave me back my receipt and reminded me to hold on to it as they offer rain checks. Well to my surprise when I went back on Wednesday, July the 17th they advised me that hand car washes do not qualify for a rain check.    I know $34.99 is not a lot to spend on a car wash and at times I will spend up to $150 on a wash and wax.  The attendant helping me did check with the manager and reiterated that the services I paid for three days ago did not come with a rain check.   In Arizona it is common practice for a car wash company to offer rain checks and this would have been the 1st time I utilized one.   I will no longer take my car to this location for car washes and/or waxing.  It is not about the money but the principle. It appears that the people at the back end of the car wash are not aligned with their management.  This was truly poor customer service. Now I am off to Classic Car Spa on Scottsdale Road.
cool place! it's a gas station/gift shop/restaurant/car wash/bakery! crazy! i will say it is upscale and over priced for the gifts.  but it has a bakery with fresh coffee, and small baked goods! met with my wife here, we grubbed the pulled pork sandwiches. was not impressed at all. there were hard bits and chunks in our sandwiches, and it just wasn't very tasty, meat was over cooked and really chewy. Expected way better pulled pork. I'm sure the other food is great, but if you can't master pulled pork at a BBQ place. i don't think i will be coming back.
Being from Oklahoma I crave BBQ. It's one of my favorite things, yet I Have found it really hard to find good BBQ in Phoenix. When I heard about Tom thumbs market I was excited to try it hoping that my passion for pork would be met. Sadly, I had a bad experience with the food. My brisket was so dry that it was turning grey.....  I had some pulled pork as well and it was not quite as dry as the brisket but still not juicy or smokey and lacked flavor. The sauces were good, really enjoyed the Carolina sauce and they had a real good chocolate chip cookie. When it came to the sides I would recommend the cole slaw. It was a lighter vinegar based slaw with lots of flavor.   With all the positive reviews and from what I heard from other friends it seems as though I maybe was there on a bad day. Maybe I will try again some other time down the road but for now I just couldn't recommend this place to anyone
Wow, i expected so much more. Bad food and servers that didn't know what they were serving. One of the people with me said it was the worse chicken she had ever had.  Too bad, cute place and great fries, but that isn't enough.
This review is for the car wash only. I have great experiences with the gas station when I stop in once or twice a week after work. However today was my first time getting a car wash at this location. I have just driven a car I purchased home from California. It was sorely in need of some TLC from the drive and the recent monsoon weather. "The Thumb" package seemed the best value as it included interior vacuum, tire pressure check, and a 7 day clean guarantee. The end result was a little disappointing as the trunk was not vacuumed, and the front and grill still had many bugs and spots all over it. I would have been happy to buy an add on if I was aware these areas were not part of the package or required special attention. My bad for not checking the trunk before I left, next time I will do a full walk around with the tech.
I've been eating at Tom's Thumb since it opened...before anyone knew about the little gas station with great brisket.  I would tell everyone about it.  It even became a joke at work:  "who wants to go to the gas station for lunch?"    However, the owner has changed meat vendors, and now it's awful.  For every 1 oz of beef, you get 2 oz of fat.  And based on my last two visits, the words out.  No one is happy with the change, including the staff.  They need to back to what was working...good food, happy customers, and great word-of-mouth advertising.
Good concept....poor performance. I love me some BBQ....especially while waiting for my car.  However theirs was dry.  I was excited to try the pulled pork omelet with mozzarella.   People must be deprived of good bbq in NorSco because this was weak.  Now I will try again because I have to have some brisket.  But never again with the pork or eggs.  BOO.
Another bad car wash in Scottsdale.  This isn't a hand car wash so if you're looking for swirl marks and paint damage this is your spot. On top of that they use a track so you can almost expect damaged rims. Cars are parked tandem during drying. If your car is finished before the car ahead of you, you get the challenge of backing out of the obstacle course of employees, air lines, and other equipment. Then you can drive around the other cars to exit. Service is slow and the employees put no effort towards efficiency.   Furthermore the prices on the website aren't accurate and the website hasn't been updated in ages.   On top of that they don't give you the option for cash back to tip when you pay for your car wash. So you either have to use their shady rent an ATM or have cash on you which no one has on them these days.   The food here isn't good. The pork sandwich featured dry pork and mushy bread.  I wouldn't recommend eating here or having your car washed here if you actually care about your car.
Decided to try something everyone wasn't raving about since everyone was saying their food was so good. Apparently no one tried the Mac and cheese. It was bland and could probably feed about 3 people. Way too huge for lunch. There were bread crumbs on top that could've been omitted and I think it could've used some salt. Will probably not be coming here again.  Plus who likes eating in a corner store/ car wash with limited seating.
Save your money and avoid this place!  For $15.24, I ordered the two meat platter with the beef brisket and pulled pork, which was lacking a side dish and some of the beef brisket that was very dry. The pulled pork was delicious and the down low barbecue sauce was very good, but that's about all that was good about this meal. I got my order to go and gave them a call once I got home and realized that it was missing a good portion of the meal. Was extremely disappointed! The lady that I spoke with told me to come in at my convenience and she would give me a compt'd meat platter. When I went to collect, a very rude guy told me that he had no idea what I was talking about and that they could not help me. This place is absolutely ridiculous and I would never recommend this to anyone! Very over priced bbq with horrible customer service!
It's a shame.  I really wanted to like this place. ...as I live close by.  I went there at 6pm on a Friday.  There was only 2 other tables sat in the place.  FYI, this place is basically just like the inside of any gas station, but it has some tables in one corner that they call a restaurant.  They have a sign that says "please wait to be seated",  I stood next to this sign for 10 minutes before some one walked by, and I had to stop them and ask "How do I get seated?" To which he replied, oh, I didn't see you.   I was with my wife and son,btw.  We get seated, and my 23 month old son is cranky, so I order a cup for him that I can put his milk in, and me and my wife order a water and a coke,  the waitress comes back with just my coke.  I ask again for the cup for my son, she then brings it.  i order fries just to have something quick to keep my son happy while we wait for our food and me and my wife get the caprese flat bread.  By the time someone else brings the food out, it is cold.  My son starts into the fries right away (which weren't bad despite being cold)  My wife and I try to eat the cold caprese flat bread and it was so bland, there was no balsamic vinaigrette that you normally get with a dish like this.  We have to grab her attention again to order our food, and order a side of balsamic vinaigrette.  After 20 minutes, with a cold uneaten caprese and fries almost depleted, i go up to the counter and request the vinaigrette again - she finally gives it to me, and we dump it on our cold soggy flat bread, which makes it about 1% better.  Another 30 minutes pass, My son has now finished the entire plate of fries, too full to eat any real food.  i go up to tell our waitress that we are going to need our food to go.  She says ok.  Minutes later, she walks up with our food on dishes, and sets a couple boxes down with it.  basically saying, i know the food was bad and late and you're had shitty service, but here, you can box it too.  This was the icing on the cake.  Bad food, horrendous service, bad atmosphere.  Did I mention over-priced?  $14.00 for a sandwich and the smell of the car wash coming through, no thanks.
Great food but the service is so bad it's almost funny. ALMOST. I don't know of it's worth waiting for my food and having to ask constantly for refills. I would try it once but I don't recommend coming back for seconds.
Did we go to a different place than everyone else writing a review here?  We went for the BBQ and really really really wanted to like this place. We give it one-half star for better than average pulled pork, another half for the wonderfully weird environment (including a rather nice wine and beer selection...in a car wash no less),  and another whole star for an array of truly delicious BBQ sauces.   As to the rest...not so good. The ribs were a huge disappointment. The online menu says "St. Louis ribs"; the in-house menu doesn't say. In fact they were baby backs which we don't care for. Much, much worse: THEY DON'T SMOKE THEM AT ALL! We were told the ribs are "baked" (we thought they'd been boiled, but what's the difference after all), had little or no seasoning or rub on them, and came out slightly mushy and totally tasteless.   The brisket was rather dry and had little flavor. On the other hand, the sweet potato fries were great. The mac and cheese was decent as were the baked beans. The vinegar cole slaw could have been great but wasn't.  The peach cobbler (which they gave us for free because we voiced that we didn't care for the ribs) was inedible: a few of the erratically sized slices of fruit were cooked perfectly while many others were rock hard and raw. We tasted only sugar.   It seemed to us that whoever was in the kitchen simply didn't care.
OK you all made me do it. With all the rave reviews I thought wow so I went.  Maybe because it was a Monday night I should have known better. I ordered the brisket platter and the meat was barely room temp and dry. The really terrific waitress apologized and brought me another portion and it was the same!  Not her fault but I guess you get leftovers on Mondays. I may give the place another try and diffinately on a different day. No excuse for not having hot food. The sides were good and the service great so I gave it 2 stars.
This review was based more on the service then the food. If the service was up to par and I didn't dell like we were not wanted there it would probabaly be a 4. Food was great! But the service. First when we got there the "greeter" did not seemed to be thrilled we were there when seating us but she was great compared to our waitress. She took forever to come and take oure order and when she did she has a smile on her face but seemed disapointed when she had to serve us. When we got our food and asked for BBQ sauce she looked at us like we were idiots and pointed to the bottles. Once we were done eating again ti took a good 10-15 minutes for her to get us our check, had to ask the bus boy to get her for us. I thought I may have been sensitive but both of my sons's that were with me commented on how rude she was. Oh well one place I won't be back to.
Terrible service, waitress messed up two orders and couldn't even come out and apologize. Food is decent but the kitchen and staff need to step up their game and not act like timid children when they get things wrong.
Went on a Sunday and we had to be seated for dinner, it's a car wash!  Service was terrible, food was cold.  Seriously, waitresses are not necessary folks!  They were terrible and that's not the vibe of a car wash...  Not worth the $50 tab.
This review is based solely on the restaurant portion of Tom's...    This was my first visit to Tom's tonight as I stopped in for carry out on my way back into town.  I ordered 3 sandwiches (pulled pork, cuban, and brisket) and some potato salad.  I asked for an upgrade to my side since I didn't want the chips that came with my meal.  The girl was confused and said she could only do it if I ordered all of my sandwiches as "lunch combos" and then the chips would become fries.  I agreed to the deal and asked for sweet potato fries.  I did get sticker shock when the bill came to $48 since it didn't seem like much more than a fast food operation.   The girl helping me told me she only worked there for a week and a half.  Although she did seem nice, she needed more training.  The other two girls behind the counter seemed very occupied socializing with each other.  Maybe they could have helped double check the order and shadow the new girl a little closer.     As I was driving home I realized I didn't receive the three drinks that should have come with the "lunch combo".  I was too far to return for the drinks.  When I got home and opened the fries, they were all regular and not sweet potato.  It also seemed weird that my cold, non-insulated potato salad was put in the same bag as all of my hot BBQ.  Maybe I'm just being picky but seems like common sense.  The potato salad wasn't bad but seemed to be lacking something that would make it stand out from other average potato salads.     ALL of the meat was VERY dry.  I had to really sauce it up to get it down.  Even my kids who were starving wouldn't eat the sandwiches.  Thank god for fries even if they weren't the right ones.  It's a shame because the brisket seasoning was tasty.    On a positive note, the sauce was very good.  I tried about 4 different kinds and they were all above average.     I'm giving this place a 2 star rating instead of a 1 because I think there is potential to have a good meal and good service here.  Obviously they are having consistency issues or a bad weekend chef based on all the good reviews here.
Breakfast - Overpriced and Overcooked  I have been a long time fan of this restaurant for its BBQ so I decided to try their breakfast.  The even with a steep $9 price tag, the 100 year old sourdough starter pancakes caught my eye.  I added the bacon and two eggs scrambled.  $14.50 without tip.  After the typical Tom's Thumb wait the breakfast arrived.  I was a bit surprised.  My breakfast consisted of 2 six or seven inch pancakes, charred, 2 strips of bacon, and a mound of browned eggs.  Hoping the taste would justify the deficit in the servings appearance and portion, I dug in.  No...  The eggs were as they appeared, overcooked an rubbery.  The pancakes were ordinary and disappointing.  The bacon was however, well prepared.  Will I go back?  Yes, but I will stick with the BBQ for lunch and dinner.
Tourist trap in every sense of the word. Restaurant and gift shop are overpriced and the ice cream isn't anything special. Come to the area for the beautiful views, not for the food or souvenirs.  Visit Date: 11/20/09
Roads are good Service not so good  This place is a tourist trap in every sense of the word. The restaurant and gift shop are overpriced for what you get and the ice cream isn't anything special. Service from the staff needs to be a lot better and treat the customers like you want them there. Always understaffed always waiting on food. Been there a half dozen time no improvement.  Do come to the area for the beautiful views, not for the food or souvenirs. Great road for motorcycles ride.  During the summer outdoor cooking.
long drive for a touristy, drab area, with not much to do.
When we arrived we headed to the saloon where we seated ourselves, waited a bit for service, When service did arrive, we were told to take our time, but felt rushed by the server.  A comment was made because I brought a special salad in I have to eat because of my health and doctor recommendations. My daughter and wife ate off the menu, and i split the lunch with my wife. Maybe it's because of health laws, which I was made aware of by the waiter, but the initial remark sparked this yelp comment.  He did tell me later he realized we did order from the menu, but reminded me you don't come into a bar and bring your own beer!   True, but then I also have to adhere to my food i brought and not letting it spoil in the hot car. I will not say i'm not at fault on this entirely, but  I should have consulted the manager prior. It's just that b4 making any comments at least question and find out why I had brought in the food; don't just assume, or state your policy politely.  The ice cream shop would even spot me a small complimentary scoop to see if it agreed with my tastes. So I said ok, never mind and walked out.  We didn't even bother going to the mercantile store!!  I'd not be interested to revisit this place
I would rather eat dog food that has been left in the hot desert sun for a month. Their "cheese" amounts to moist paste with a dash of flavor. There is nothing special about this place aside from the quaint old cowboy feel. I would rather starve then spend my money here again. The best thing I consumed there was my beer. Do not believe the hype it cafeteria hot plate food with western names. Awful.
Worth a visit for the atmosphere and the beer. The food was just OK. Even the famous chili was so-so. Yeah, it was damn hot. But not that tasty. The waitress we had was indifferent and acted as if we were an inconvenience. I wouldn't go back.
All I can say about this place is that it is a classic tourist trap.  They know that the snowbirds will flock in no matter how horrible the food is.  I am a local who has avoided this place until today when I finally succumbed to a friend's insistance that I try it.  I ordered the enchalada's.  What  a disgusting mess was delivered to my table.  The enchalada's were hard as logs and I could barely cut them with a knife. The taste was not much better.  It was quite apparent that this product was frozen and then microwaved prior to serving.  Despite the fact that I was quite hungry, barely ate any of my lunch.  Again, this is a tourist trap and clearly they care little about the quality of the food.  It's a nice scenic area, but do you yourself a favor an eat before you drive up there.  This food is horrid.
This place is fun if you have little kids with you but you'll be seriously disappointed if you've come here for the food.  And if you don't have any kids w/ you...just go to Nora's.  It costs less and the food is awesome there.
Don't get me wrong, I had SOME fun at this place, but not a lot.   First off, the food. The food's not very good, to be honest. There's a lot of VERY pushy sales-people. (Lady, I don't want your goddamned Philly Cheesesteak for the 5th time... I GET sandwiches from a sub shop that specializes in them.)   A lot of the food is left sitting in the sun for hours. This scares me from a health/safety standpoint. Most of the fare is carnival food, with a few exceptions. The pizza was very dry and unpleasant looking. The only positive point was my funnel cake that I had.   --  Second - The booths. There's a LOT of garbage being peddled here. Also on the way in, they tried to loop us into a scam, saying we had won a free trip by giving us a swipe card etc. I swiped the card, and put in my first and last name, then it was saying "I agree to allow X company (I think Wyndham) to contact me" and then started asking for my phone number. I quickly canceled out and discarded the card, then took my friend away from the pushy salesperson telling her they were giving her a trip to Mexico or whatever at no obligation... (riiiiight, and I have a bridge in San Francisco to sell you)  --  Finally, the carnival. I'm sorry, but $1 per ticket, and like $3-6 dollars per person, per ride? Can I PLEASE have some of whatever drugs you're on, if you think that's an acceptable price?   Also, please try putting in some fun carnival games. I don't feel like seeing 8... (yes EIGHT) booths of Balloon Pop... 2-3 shooting gallery games, and NO Skee-Ball. Ya wonder why no one's playing the games? Maybe because they've seen 7 other booths with them in less than a football field's distance? Just a thought.   --  All in all, I got in free because of some passes, but realistically? Other than the company I had, I didn't enjoy it that much. Really guys, you could do better.
I'll keep this short.   I've been to this festival about 3 times, with each time asking myself why I've returned.   Food is the primary focus obviously, and it's often overpriced, represented by many  local restaraunts, mostly Italian, but other cuisines  too. Depending on when you go, the quality of the food is very inconsistent. It's easy to get food that's cold, bland and overcooked simply because the vendors precook everything.   They have a carnival/fair as well, to keep the children and younger kids entertained.   They do have some free shows and live music as well.  Overall, if you've never been to one of these, you're not missing very much, but if you have absolutely nothing to do on one of the nights these are going on, go ahead and give it a try., just don't expect to have an amazing culinary experience.
Went during the 09 Winter one.   Honestly  I was all kinds of excited to go as food feasts are abundant in LA and love them. It was in such a small portion of the parking lot that there was too many people there..they over packed it to be comfortable for the space. It was a bitch fit to go through and since theres the entrance fee (was it like $10?) + all the hiked up food vendors it wasn't stacking to much value either. I was out  fighting for a place to even stand to eat so what I did was order, go in another long line and eat in line a few times as I had no other choice, but even then there were so many people bumping into me that I scratched myself with a fork on my face. We finally got a seat eventually, but it was by the stage and was very loud to be right by the speakers that we got up again to find someplace else.   I didn't do carnival games which I LOVE to do honestly and am good at. I browsed and there was very few in variety and a bit pricey for games and rides. Also at that point, I was unsatisfied with food other than a funnel cake and a italian sausage sandwich which though good I don't think should be like $8-10 (I'm sure they have a bitch of a vendor rate though to pay off)....there was this rotisserie chicken plate that though the chicken was good and the macaroni decent,  the side of rice was spoilt.   I was planning on going to AYCE or Korean BBQ that night. I should have for having spent about $60-$70 ish on both of us to sample foods. Totally worth it in LA where I enjoy myself, here I just felt sad as this is really it when it comes to festivals and this is overhyped. Sadly, it was once good and really fun. My BF told me of a time when he and his family have gone when he was a kid and had a great time.   This year they moved to SIlverton Casino. I hope that makes a big difference. I don't think I will be back unless many people say its vastly improved.   Find me at the GREEK festival this September.
Overwhelmingly disappointed. I had gone two years ago to the old location and had a pretty good time. Didn't love it, didn't hate it. Going again this time and going with my mom and girlfriend was a whole different story. Didn't help that it was extremely windy yesterday (not the feasts fault obviously). But at this "new" and supposedly better location they had parking across from the parking lot in a dirt field. Now I'm no rocket scientist but I knew it was going to be windy this weekend (little thing called weather.com) and having hundreds of people park in a dirt field with nobody out there directing traffic and a very uneven surface with lots of rocks and dirt was a disaster. **side note--- if you are driving a car in a wind storm, don't be a jerk and please let people walking have the right of way!!! You are safely in a car and we are trying to cross the street while getting dirt smacked in our face. Thank you** Dirt field parking - minus 2 stars off the bat. Another star lost for charging $8 a person to go to this. If the food was reasonably priced the charge to get in wouldn't be so bad. I feel sorry for the people who go to this event with kids. While the food was good and the service at the couple of tents I went to was friendly, paying that much for food I could have gone to a restaurant on the strip. $8 for a 6 inch sausage and peppers sub, $10 (are you f'n kidding me) for a 6 inch meatball sub, $8 for a 6 inch philly steak sandwich?! It's highway robbery. Minus another star for those prices. All in all I probably spent close to $70 for not even an hours worth of time and barely any food. Not to mention we didn't go on any rides or play any games. Waste of time and money. As a prideful Italian this was painful to write but someone has to speak the truth about this event. For a family of 3 or 4 with two kids this event must run $200. Oh and the karaoke needs to be turned down a notch. I'm sorry but some of those kids were terrible and while its cute and funny I don't need a headache to go with my empty pockets. Phew- glad to get all that off my chest.
Very disappointing.  Being Italian I would not recommend this event.  Bad location, priest in a tiny booth, walking lanes to narrow, $9 for a tiny raw sausage and pepper sandwich from "Little Johnny's" I think.  When I told him it was raw he said sorry.  No offer to replace or refund.  Stay away from that vendor.  The only good note is that I got my sister in law to convert from that stupid funnel cake to fried dough:)
I finally get to vent on how much of a massive shit hole this "festival" is. Worst pizza I ever had, which was comparable to bad microwavable pizza (this might be what they actually used). I also got the sausage in a dry old bun, what? no condiments?! No grilled onions or bell peppers?  Why did I pay $12 for that turd in a bun? At least the Italians serving the food were friendly... actually it was quite the opposite. Screw this place, I'm going to the Greek Food Festival.
It's kind of an expensive event to go to, considering the entrance fee and the food prices. It was for my husband and I, about $50 total, and this was five years ago, held at an empty lot near Rampart and that shopping center off Charleston. Parking was a problem. The atmosphere was nice- there were performers.   The food was excellent (sausage and peppers sandwich) but I just think that the vendors charged a lot. It was restaurant prices. We didn't go back.   On a side note, this festival was started many years ago. My husband was a child when he was featured in an article about the event. My mother-in-law had this framed article hanging on the wall.
It's like a big slot machine, you go, drop $100, and walk away sad and feeling like an idiot. Overpriced, overrated, over attended, over cooked, I'm over it. Over and out.
spent tooo much money... on nothing.  the food is mediocre.  the vendors are pretty whack.   the carnival was lame.  my kids weren't excited.   i've only been once.. and never went back.  it's like a poem! a bad poem!  like this review.
OVERPRICED RIP OFF!  Went last night with friends. You have to pay $9 to get in. The food is good but rediculously overpriced. I had a smoothie it was $7 a plate of pasta was $14 and a cup of soda was $6. Very good italian food but the prices were unacceptable. You can't pay with credit cards, so you have to use their ATM machines that charge $5 per transaction.  The rides... you have to pay $5 per ride or $30 unlimited. What a rip off. With the wife and kids I spent over $300 in 4 hours.  The parking was a complete fiasco. The the line to get in... 1.5 hour wait in line. They were totally understaffed and the whole thing was not set up with any type of direction. There were so many people walking around you couldn't move. And like most carnivals in Las Vegas, 90% of the people were human scum. Multiple fights breaking out, gang members, etc. As I was waiting for the kids to get off a ride these black guys would walk up to me and ask if I wanted to buy cocaine at least one time every 5 minutes. After 11pm there were literally mobs of black kids straight outta the ghetto wearing gang colors and bling bling everywhere.  There were only 2 toilets, rent-a-johns, that were so filthy people were running out of them. No toilet paper, feces all over the floor, used tampons on the floor, and a stench that would make anyone puke.  If this event was run PROPERLY and prices weren't so high they'd get much better reviews. Management needs to get a grip.  Another tidbit...they need to keep the vendors Italian themed. There were vendors selling time share scams, air conditioning units, vacatins to Mexico, nudie bar tickets, etc. There were also multiple vendors selling the same product (who the hell needs 8 vendors selling plastic jewelry).  One positive thing, the VERY FEW actual italian people working the booths were very polite. They were elderly but they brought back memories of Little Italy in NYC.
Went there tonight, and I assure you it will be my last.  I might as well just burn a hundred dollar bill, and then go back to my high school cafeteria and get some "Italian food."  It is the most overpriced, over packed, over rated, under cooked, Nastiest mess I have ever been to.  The only reason I gave it 1 star, is because the parking was free.    Trust me, save your money, time, and sanity!!  Stay away!  I brought my wife and 3 kids with me.  Getting around with the stroller was extremely difficult with all the mouth breathers just standing around.
Ugh. I feel like I just paid $7 (admission fee with coupon) to watch a bunch of infomercials. You walk in and it's just a bunch of booths selling spas and blinds and phones and non-working health devices. I saw nothing "cultural" or "religious". The food was way overpriced for what it was. If you have no means of getting out of the city, then this might be the place for you; I have experienced festivals waay better than this one.   Even though parking is free and everyone wants a close parking spot (who doesn't?), you're better off parking in the Bass Pro Shop parking lot and walking either through the store or around the Bass Pro Shop and to the front of the Silverton. You'll save yourself a lot of time and hassle and the police directing traffic. If you take that main turn to the Silverton, you're going to be stuck for a while with everyone else going to the Festival. Keep going straight and around the corner and you'll see a place where you can turn left to the Bass Pro Shop parking area.  Oh, and don't forget to bring CASH. Don't get stuck pulling out money at the ATMs they set up front.
So this is a mixed review.  We had fun walking around although we got there early and by the time we left it was wall to wall people.  When you enter, you come up this row and the third booth in on the right is a Veterans Booth and they ask for a $1 donation for a bottle of water.  I will tell you, this is the cheapest bottle you will get there, because all the other places charge from $1.50 to $3.00.  The $3.00 one's are just plain scum bags and don't deserve to be there, selling the same bottle for $3.00 that you can get for $1.00 and it helps the Veterans (not a hard choice there).  Once you come up to the "T" you have 4 rows, 2 with food and 2 with crafts for sale.  On the left is a place called Lucy's and I had the WORST Philly Cheese Steak I have ever had.  I lived in Philly for 6 years and the dumpiest place in Philly still served a better cheese steak then these people.  It was very disappointing and NOT worth $10.00.  Across from them is a place called Anthony's and for less money, you will get the best cheese steak you can find next to POPS out on Decatur.  This was more like an authentic steak.  The food is ok, nothing to write home about and certainly not worth the price the venders charge.  You can get a much better Italian dish at Buen Guesto on Eastern and Horizon Ridge in the Albertson's Shopping center for a much cheaper price.  People were nice, but its like a traveling carnival with over priced food that does not taste as good as the signs say they are.  Will I go back, once a year if more then enough, however, next time I will probably go full so I don't have to spend a ridiculous amount of money for very very LOW quality food.    On a good note, Carmines had pizza which was very good.  They are located on the right side of the food booths towards the back and they are worth the price.  A slice is a little more then in a regular place, but worth the price.  Overall all, for the prices they charge, I can only give this even a 2 and unless forced to drive, I would never go back to this event again, its not worth my time, money or oxygen....
What a waste of time and money! It was so unbelievably packed, nowhere to park, so many people bumping into me and people stepping on my toes, and stopping right in front of me for no reason (aka RSD which stands for 'Random Stop Disorder' as my husband calls it)... there goes 2 hours of my life that i'll never get back. why did i put myself through that shit? I'm definitely not a people person and definitely not a fan of big crowds. I really wanted to try some of the food they had to offer there cuz it all smelled so gooood, but there's no way in HELL i could eat standing up around the rude crowd. It was already bad enough with people running into me, bumping me, and stepping all over my toes... imagine that while trying to eat... no thank you, I'd like to live and not choke on my own food. I'm never going back to this feast thing again. If you're not a fan of big crowds, steer away from this. We ended up leaving to eat someplace else where we could actually sit down in peace and enjoy a meal in peace.
Can you say rip off? I can't understand charging admission to get into a parking lot where you'll spend even more money on junky rides and overpriced food and drinks. Is the admission price there to cover your use of the port-a-potties? I don't think it was to be able to sit in a chair and eat at a table since there were not enough of either. I only had to attend this "feast" once to know that I never want to go back. Spending over $100 to trudge around in the heat with throngs of people, eating my dinner standing up is not my idea of fun.
May 12, 2012  This year I enjoyed the location of the San Gennaro feast more than the previous year when it was hosted at the Silverton hotel & casino.   We parked at the Gold Coast hotel & casino, had a few drinks then walked over to the festival. We went around 8pm after the sun went down and it cooled off a bit, it was still booming. I am glad we did not go to the Rio for parking, we could see what a bleeping nightmare that was with all of the cars and parking congestion. No thanks!   We walked around to take a look at all of the food vendor options before deciding on what we would grub on. That took awhile as it was wall to wall people, just walking through to check out the food vendors was an obstacle. They created the isles too narrow and did not think of the crowd when setting it up. I don't enjoy buying an ice cold beer and having my freaking elbows knocked into spilling my beverage!!! No No No! I don't enjoy in the heat of the desert night walking grinding hips and rubbing backs with strangers.   Ok...so after the complete challenge of getting your food, where to sit and eat you say? Not enough tables and chairs, we had to search as if on a scavenger hunt to find a spot to sit and eat our food that was growing cold by the second! Ugh...  Ok so on to what we ate...we had many rounds of cold beer from the beer tap truck. Mmmmm so refreshing and cold and I am not even much of a beer drinker. I had three beers just because they were so cold and went well with our grub and the heat. Yeah it was still HOT out at 10pm we were some sweaty mofo's!  We stopped by Taste of Chicago, mmmm yum and so glad we did! We ordered an Italian beef sandwich, paper-thin sliced beef marinated in A JUS served on Italian bread. That was tender and tasty, nice size with lots of meat! We also ordered a pizza puff, mmm yes yum you heard right! A pizza puff! A deep fried pizza pocket like pastry but delicious and loaded with yummy sausage, cheese, marinara, spices. That was a winner! I could have eaten many more of those! Mmmm yum yum yum yes yum I say. Ok so this vendor happens to be a local joint. They are located inside of Lucky's at 7345 S. Jones blvd, LV 89139.  Can't forget dessert! Classic funnel cake sprinkled with powdered sugar and cinnamon did the trick. Was fried perfect, so tasty I was moaning at this point in our venture. It satisfied my need, my want, my craving for something sweet and delectable to embrace my accepting tongue. Mmm yes I needed you and you gave me what I wanted, thank you Mr. Funnel cake!  We happen to sit next to some really cool locals who we could shoot the shit with, was awesome we had a blast talking, laughing and joking it up. Exchanged phone numbers, yeah made another BFF also, yay!   The music was awesome, enjoyed listening to the live musicians do there thing on stage making us groove!  Only 2 stars, the food is good but overpriced, yes we expect that unfortunately. The crowd control sucked balls and not the kind I usually like to suckle on. They just want our money, it is clear they do not consider the comfort or convenience of us the patrons. We are just a heard of cattle they need to milk and send on our way. The negative outweighed the positive on this event.  They also have merchandise vendors and a few carnival type rides set up for the children.
5 stars last year? What a difference a year makes! This year's experience, pardon my language, sucked donkey balls. Let's break down the formula for the San Gennaro Feast, circa 2012 edition.   1: Parking. Fleece your customers to park sort of close or fleece them a little less and make them walk halfway across the west side of Vegas to get a parking space.  1a: Find the surliest, most hateful parking attendants in Vegas. Hire them based on attitude.  2: Find the most disorganized and slow way of getting people to the gate to pay admission. Did the ice sheet in Antarctica melt by the time it took us to get in?  3: Once inside run past the pushy merchants trying to sell you everything.  4: Pay out the nose for food. No let's take an arm and a leg too.  5: Offer a super tiny itsy bitsy teeny weenie little place to sit and eat your overpriced food. (Think Strip prices but on the wrong side of I-15). Oh wait, we don't want you to sit, that would take up too much space we need for maximum monetization of the event! 6: Let's charge way too much for carnival ride tickets.  7: Let your friends cut in front of everyone that waited 20 min for a ride. (Happened 4x) 8:Fight hordes of rude, stupid people who must have been born in a barn and don't have a freakin clue about basic courtesy. 9: Walk back to your car that was supposedly watched by "security" to find your mirror broken off and dangling and other damage done to your car.   Las Vegas deserves a San Gennaro Feast that is in the Italian traditions, not the Mafia traditions. I felt like I got fleeced, mugged, and downright abused at this year's event.   Someone needs to step back and rethink what the heck they're doing here. This could be a world class event but the way it's going, this will be the last year I go back.   1 Star, posted under extreme howling protest. Eek! Methinks not, indeed!
I wasn't going to even go this year because the years I have gone previously I was not impressed. Well I got free tickets so we said what the hell. I expected parking to be a nightmare, luckily we were able to get a spot in the parking garage of the Rio. In San Gennaro tradition, it was freaking hot outside!  We had some street tacos (other than funnel cakes, the only food worth getting), yes Mexican at an Italian festival, it's the best and cheapest thing we've had there the last few years. We tried Anthonys World Famous Chicken Parm with spaghetti, it was the only place we could find that didn't deep fry chicken fingers, smother them with sauce and cheese and label it chicken parm. We'll we should've gotten the fingers, the chicken was dry, the coating fell off, the spaghetti was pre sauced...yuck, it was edible but... I'm not Italian and I could do way better Chicken parm. Shared an ear of corn (yum-more butter please!) and washed it down with sugary lemonade. I really didn't feel like experimenting any more and wasting money on food I didn't like. Droves of people were beginning to crowd the small walkways, so we beat feet and split.
Trying to figure out what the hell is Italian about this festival besides an entertainer here or there and maybe two different Italian food vendors selling food that didn't look very appealing.   If you like to walk in non-stop crowds, look at terrible swap meet goods and get hassled by impossible midway games this is definitely the place. Plan on parking a mile away at least.   Anyways, last but not least. FREE THAT DAMN MONKEY at the exit. That fat guy in the wheelchair was abusing it in front of people!!!
The Rio San Gennaro Feast was definitely a step up from the last one I went to at the Silverton two years ago but still a gigantic waste of time and money (as with just about any carnival). The Rio one gets a bump up to two stars for having normal parking instead of the dirt field at the last one. My review is staying the same for the most part as my previous one for this event... overpriced, overpriced, overhyped.... yet, I still keep going. Go figure.  $10 for a crappy knock-off philly cheese steak!!! I wish I wrote down the name of the places I ate from so I would remember never to go to them again. I've eaten microwave cheese steak better than the one there. $9 sausage and peppers - really good but c'mon... $9!! $4 italian ice - for a small! it was good though haha  best deal: $3 for a small bag of Kettle Corn! It was so good that we ate half the bag on the way home.  I think this will be my last trip to this festival, although I said that the last two times I went as well.
My Italian family back in Pittsburgh would smack me upside the head if I were to bring them here and then call this an "Italian Festival."  Seriously, all I can hear in my head is my Uncle Vince saying, "What the hell is the matter with you??!"    When you walk in, you are greeted by Republican candidates, real estate agents, and several booths where you can "Spin the Wheel! Everyone is a Winner!"  Once you get past the gauntlet, you find yourself amongst the food.  So we started to make a lap around the booths.  I was hoping to find some Italian restaurants from town I could try and maybe grab a slice of pizza.  Instead, I found nothing.  Either it was not vegetarian or had been sitting in the hot sun for far too long.    Ummmmm now what?  We made another lap.  That's when I noticed that none of the booths had a business name on them.  They all just said "Italian Sausage" or "Calamari" or "Pizza."  So this is just a traveling festival and nothing they sell here is local?  LAME.  I finally found a local caterer and wound up getting a $5 Caprese salad that came in a Dixie cup with a slice of garlic bread.  I'm still starving!!  I then broke down and went to one of the generic booths selling pizza.  They wanted $7 for a slice that looked like it had been sitting out for the last two hours.  No thanks.  I got an ice cream cone and decided I had enough.  I'm out.  On the way out we walked past some circus side shows that involved snakes and monkeys.  I knew I would get too depressed looking at them so I kept walking by.  And then I proceeded to get super depressed watching the poor ponies being forced to walk in circles in the heat without any kids even riding them... or the sheep covered in wool that looked like they were going to pass out from the heat..... Then there went someone selling used hot tubs....and crappy jewelry....and ugly t-shirts....  Oh, and did I mention that they also sold Mexican, Greek, and Japanese food here?  There goes my Uncle Vince again....  So in short: I have been to Greek, Lebanese, Indonesian, and Hawaiian festivals in this town.  They all represent their cultures well and are made up of small businesses or churches.  The people running this mess apparently think that Italians only eat sausage and old pizza and like to buy used hot tubs.  Needless to say, I will not be returning.
I have wanted to go for many years. I will NEVER go again. I had to pay to get in then pay $9-$15 for everything I wanted to try. $9 for a single slice if cheese pizza?!?! It wasn't even that great! I paid $10 for a extra long sausage on a hot dog roll. It might look good and taste OK but not worth that price.  I feel as though since the food vendors there are traveling along with the feast from town to town that they don't really care what the food tastes like. I do not recommend this to anybody I wasted $60 in just 45 minutes.
The food was kinda expensive i mean a simple Italian sausage with some peppers coast 9 bucks and it didn't even taste that great ....meatballs on a stick coast 8 bucks no taste at all... the cheapest thing i saw was some street tacos for 2 that's not even Italian lol...with the entrance fee and the fees for some rides i don't think what i had to spend was wroth it at all...if u have kids maybe its fun for them the rides other than that the feast is terrible... i have had way better Italian food for way cheaper... i think i could make Italian food that taste better....
My friend had free tickets - if I had actually paid the ridiculous $9 admission and then overpaid for food I'd be way pissed right now. The bacon wrapped turkey legs sounded amazing, but eff paying $16.50! that's worse than Disneyland! We tried mediocre Philly cheese steak, garlic fries. Supposedly homemade ice cream that wasn't creamy like non commercial ice cream usually is.   The one and only worthwhile thing was the funnel cake specifically from 1 of the 5 or so stands. They had 6" and 8" but we went with the 4" mini trio $8 including toppings like apples and cinnamon, blueberry/strawberry w cream cheese frosting, bananas, chocolate, bday cake, smores and probably a few others I forgot. It has to be from the one next to the corn stand - the rest were flat and looked like crap.   It was packed with probably the most ghetto @ss crowd I've ever seen in vegas. Even w a free ticket I probably wouldn't go back - I can go to olive garden if I want mediocre Italian food. At least they have a/c w free soup and salad
Good people watching.   The food was pretty good... expensive considering what you get. Lots of variety of food vendors. Carnival atmosphere. I got free tickets.   Now that I've been... I probably won't go again.
My Italian friend and I thought of making this festival our "pig out" day that week.  What a gross disappointment.  Artichokes, a perfect food, dunked in oil and fried.  Then they charged $5 for it?  Ew.  We left and went to a proper restaurant for our feast.  In a city of foodies, this was a shocker.
This was the absolute worst festival I have been to in Vegas.   1) The rides were super expensive 2) there was almost no authentic Italian food, everything was fried, they even had a mexican booth. 3) there were no small portions (which in one sense is actually in line with the theme) making it impossible to sample more than one or two venders. 4) the layout was horrible. 5) the food they did have was mostly horrible. 6) there were people charging 8-10 dollars so kids could go into a ball on a 6x6 tub of water.  Just another ripoff.  One saving grace, there were a lot of local studios performing even if almost no one watched them.
I've never been to San Gennaro and I doubt I will return. I am thankful I won tickets from Jelli radio. I will make a list.  1. Everything here is overpriced. Each ride is $3 to $5 per person or $10 for all day access to bounce houses! 2. Most places charge $9 to $15 for items. ($9 for a sausage and pepper hoagie) 3. The layout is horrible and clustered. 4. Some of the vendors don't belong there. (Scientology, politicos, sports teams bathing suites, a petting zoo) 5. The majority of the vendors were serving the same damn thing. 6. The BEST food was from a little place called FAT NINJA and it wasn't Italian at all. 7. The talent wasn't really talent. (Although the little girls singing Sunday afternoon were so dang cute!) 8. There was no festivities or anything celebratory. 9. There was nothing really Italian about it.  I really did enjoy spending with my friend, her son, and my sister. Very disappointed.
Overpriced food vendors, rides and entertainment all in one place. Thought this was supposed to be an Italian food festival, however, there were all types of food here which was not what I was expecting...so pretty much it was like a normal food festival event a few Italian vendors here and there. Walked around the entire area and it was about 1/3 food/beverage, 1/3 carnival rides/entertainment and 1/3 (maybe less) vendors selling goods/services. Like I said it was just like any other food festival...I pretty much just left after I ate...not really much to do here unless you have kids that you can send on the rides here.
If, and only if you have kids...about the only thing worth it here is the $30 for the kids to ride unlimited rides all day. Otherwise, the ticket prices are a complete ripoff at $1 a piece when every ride is 3-5 tickets. Don't let them get near the games either. It cost me $10 for my son and his cousin to throw 8 darts, 4 each. They each hit two balloons with the darts and the lady gave 'em both some crap cheap plush crayon. I asked her how they can get something bigger and she said "just give me more money"...her exact words!  I mean really?!  I can't believe they can still get that many people here...it was packed. They charge $7 just to get in, $10 for a stuffed artichoke with no meat in it, $10 for a bland sausage sandwich, $5 for a tiny slice of cheese pizza and it seems like every other vendor raises their price for this event too. Everything is just a complete ripoff! I'll stay away next time they're in town.
Gross. Thought it would be a church- based  Italian food feast (and I am not religious, just looking for authenticity) and found a tacky, overpriced flea market. Had a ten dollar Philly cheese steak with cheez wiz. Yucky.
OK, you all got to me!  I have a friend flying in on May 10th and I thought this might be a fun to do - along with eating some "great" Italian food!  WRONG!  After reading your reviews, I think a nice, quiet, sit-down, glass of red wine Italian dinner might be in order.  Besides, it sounds a lot more "cost effective" than going here!  If there is one, no make that two things, I hate in life it's politicians and getting ripped off - and this sounds like the perfect place for the latter!  Thank you all for your help!
This is the 35th year of this event. Having not been to it in several years we decided to try it again. The food was good but not great. It's your typical vendor trucks making mass amounts of food and a lot of it sitting around waiting to be purchased. This would explain why some if the ribs/meats we tried were dry and tasteless. A seafood vendor "Lobster Muddah"(?) was actually very good. Depending on who you took a gamble on, the food was good or bad. Pizzas were doughy, some meatballs were loaded with bread crumbs. Prices for food were ridiculous. You would have thought you were in a proper restaurant. The covered seating area was adequate during the day but once it got busier in the evening you had to be aggressive to find a place to sit. Entertainment on Saturday was the highlight for us. The Las Vegas Bee Gees played at 5pm and were great. Unfortunately the organizers didn't have a schedule for entertainment at the venue or website, so you were on your own to figure it out. The carnival rides were your typical roadshow of rides and games. Once the sun started going down things got interesting. People were obviously dumping their kids without supervision at the event. Kids (good & especially bad) were going around in groups and eventually started causing issues which ended with police involvement. We did have a decent time during the day, ran into friends there and might return again but NEVER at night.
